> i used to make my baby food from scratch using freshly cooked veggies and fruits using as little salt as possible . i was frequently disappointed in the flavor of the pre-made baby foods i bought from the grocery store and tried . i made all sorts of different items for my kids from black-bean/eggplant combo to sweet potato and plums combo and everything in between . i added real butter too just because it made the food taste so good and the babies loved it ! this product is not as good as what i made , however , it comes pretty close . i only have the green bean/pear flavor to review , but i am impressed with it 's flavor and texture . it 's a little thinner than what i made , but it 's not watery at all . i have tasted this product myself and can taste the green beans and the pears . the pear flavor is stronger but not overwhelming . the color is light to medium brown with a hint of green . and the slight , gritty texture of pear is apparent , but should be easily tolerated by a baby.as a mom , i would be willing to incorporate this into my baby 's diet as needed , but i 'd still go the homemade baby-food route for the long-haul . i think that the packaging is good in that i feel less air gets into the package when stored in the refrigerator after opening . i remember the baby food jars having discolored food from oxidation in the jars after opening . this product must be kept cold after opening or it will spoil just like any other food . it tastes good , i think the green-bean/pear combo is a healthy one and you do n't have to worry about the jar breaking if you drop it since it 's in a nice squeezable package .
= tastes very good
< good flavor , but not watery

> i live in southern arizona . we have a problem with coyotes and feral cats and even our neighbors ' free-roaming dogs and cats . this product does work against repelling both cats and dogs , but i 've noticed you must use more than directed . heavy rains ( like our current monsoons ) also affect the efficiency of this product.my dogs clearly hate this stuff . when i opened this container i definitely noted the black pepper aroma . the granules , which feel like sand , are also oily . that 's surely from the active ingredients of black pepper oil , piperine and capsaicin ( the latter being the `` hot '' in red chili and powder ) . all three combined make up only .6 % of the active ingredients . so why is this so expensive ? it looks good in the garden because it 's not noticable.capsaicin is one of the most effective organic materials to use against dogs and cats . it does n't harm the plants nor the soil . but its effectiveness is reduced by direct sun and heavy rains . capcaicin is one of the most recommended product to use against dogs and cats and is more easily available in raw form in spice shops , and also much more affordable.i find the most effective use is for our large indoor plants . our cats now stay away from our potted indoor trees with this stuff applied around the top of pots.i can not vouch for chipmunks , squirrels and raccoons since we do n't have those animals here in the high desert where we are . i rate this a 4-star product because 1 ) it 's very pricy and 2 ) it needs to be applied more and heavier than 30 days even under ideal , dry conditions .
= works for dogs and cats
< i live in southern arizona

> i just took the do not disturb sign off the door and i am ready to share ! no spoilers here ! thank you to holly for sharing a copy of this installment with me . i dropped everything when i saw it in my inbox and girls you will not believe what she has come up with now.i often wonder how her mind works . the plot twists we have experienced in this series have been momentous ... surprises you never saw coming for sure ... evil vs innocence , and hits keep on coming ! we now have dead bodies , again the threat against their lives , the setups to throw the blame on avery , and so many suspects we do not know who to trust . avery now wants to take matters into her hands because she wants to protect sean . now you know that is not going to make him happy at all even though they are no longer engaged.can ms. black really be that evil ? is she her own boss ? is she a front ? what is she mixed up in ? why is everyone who hears her name so scared ? sean ... can he possibly just accept that avery has given his ring back ? omg ! these two people need a break ! through all of this , h.m. ward has masterfully kept avery 's character somewhat naive and fragile . i worry about this girl and have to keep reminding myself she is only a character in a book ! you will not be disappointed with this installment . it kept me from answering the phone and yes , i kept the do not disturb sign on the door until i was finished . could not put it down .
= could not put it down !
< i am ready to read this book !

> tom cruise playing capt . nathan algren was pedestrian in the visually captivating yet overly lengthy & quot ; the last samurai & quot ; . i could n't shake the feeling that i was watching a remake of the epic mini series & quot ; shogun & quot ; .algren , is an alcoholic military hero carrying the emotional baggage of guilt , a result of numerous , senseless u.s. cavalry massacres of western indians . he is recruited by an emissary of the emperor of japan to help develope a westernized army in 1876. japan is trying to mainstream itself into a modern economy and throw away the yoke of feudal samurai society.the young naive and impressionable emperor , influenced by the lecherous emissary omura played nicely by masato harada is attempting to quash a rebellious band of samurai lead by katsumoto . katsumoto , the emperor 's former teacher , is played skillfully by star of the flick ken watanabe.in an attack by the inexperienced japanese army , cruise is wounded and captured by the samurai . as a prisoner in the samarai village , he is eventually schooled in the disciplined ways of the samurai . he is lured into their culture and ridding himself of his emotional demons becomes one of them . he takes his place at the elbow of his mentor katsumoto in the final battle against modernization.the battle and fighting sequences were stunning , the way of samurai life enticing but the movie could have been edited to remove about 10-15 minutes of redundant action .
= where have i seen this before ? ? ?
< the last samurai

> world war ii is raging , bombs are falling on london , and children are being evacuated to the safety of the country . the four pevensie children , peter , edmond , susan , and lucy , are sent to live in a big house owned by an old professor . one day they discover an old wardrobe in the attic ... that just happens to be the portal to the magical kingdom of narnia . there , it is always winter , but never christmas , thanks to the evil white witch . opposing her is king aslan , mighty lion and defender of all that is good . the children must gather all their courage as they prepare for the final battle between the two sides.almost everyone and everything we see is cgi , which is stunning ! the four children are natural and convincing . the first half of the story is very slow but the huge finale is worth the wait . cgi aslan is such a sympathetic creature that there were few dry eyes in the theatre during his big scene , and the christian allegory is quite touching . this is a very satisfying film for narnia fans of all ages . ( note : be sure and stay for the end credits to see a final scene with lucy and the professor . ) kona
= a wonderful fantasy for all ages
< the children must gather

> fight club is about a guy who has to fight because he ca n't take it anymore . most of the extras on this disc are from the 2000 dvd ( they hold up well ) . there is some exclusive hd content . no retrospective documentary is included . 4 audio commentaries are provided.special features : new flogging 'fight club ' ( hd , 9:58 ) new **a hit in the ear : ren klyce and the sound design of fight clubnew **insomniac mode : jack 's index , commentary index , topic search**commentary by david fincher**commentary by david fincher , brad pitt , edward norton and helena bonham carter**commentary by chuck palahniuk and jim uhls**commentary by alex mcdowell , jeff cronenweth , michael kaplan and kevin haug**7 deleted scenes and alternate scenes [ ~16 minutes ] **welcome to fight club**angel faces beating**the crash**tyler 's goodbye**guys choice award**work : production , visual effects , on location**trailer farm : theatrical teaser , theatrical trailer , the 8 rules of fight club , **12 tv spots , **psas , **music video , **5 internet spots , **promotional gallery , **edward norton interview , **art gallery , **bd+ , **bd-live ready bootstrapbuy this blu-ray .
= great film with a warped sense of reality
< fight club

> my first thought upon opening this bag of crackers was , `` oh my god , it 's fake orange cheese ! '' and i suppose it 's that abnormal color that made the manufacturer decide to colorize the crackers on the package to look much more like a wheat thin than a cheez-it . in any case , do n't let the color full you , these garlic parmesan crisps do n't taste anything like the fake cheese stuff that is touted as kid 's snack food.these crackers are very cheesy and pretty darn garlicky , and a whole heck of a lot of delicious . we ate them straight out of the bag . and because we did n't know what to expect , we ate them all before we ever got around to trying them with a dip . they had a taste and crunch very similar to the pita chips that we love to eat with hummus , and i 'd sure they 'd be excellent that way . they 'd also be good with tuna or chicken salad -- that might even be a a whole meal .
= cheesy goodness !
< fake orange cheese

> flavored coffee has never been a hit in our household -- -- probably one reason could be we just have n't tried many . the last we used was something so overpowering the flavor of the coffee was lost , never tried again until now . i must say this is nothing like our previous experience . the coffee is what you taste with just a hint of the vanilla and it is great ! taste is subjective , so what i like may not be to your liking at all . if vanilla is a flavor you enjoy then i think you would enjoy a cup of this wonderful coffee . i first tried a cup , by filling a k-cup holder and running it through the keurig , had to have a second cup . next day made a small pot , it disappeared fast . i enjoy a good strong cup in the morning just to get my motor running , the vanilla makes it something just a little different . excellent coffee with a difference !
= just a touch of vanilla
< great coffee with a difference !

> ******arc review******let me start by saying ... things are getting so much more intense and interesting . sean and avery will never have a dull life . the white picket fence that avery wants so badly will definitely be well earned and deserved . this series just keeps taking so many twists and turns and leaves you consumed with the need to find out more . i need more of this particular ferro man . sean is probably my favorite because he was my first ferro man , but i love all the other also . i am so ready for the next book it is quite ridiculous because i know it will be a few more weeks . thank you hm ward for working so hard on this one to get it to us die hard ferro fans so quickly . these ferro men are like a drug ... ferroine ... that seems fitting because you get consumed in their worlds and you will always need just one more hit .
= ferroine ... it 's an amazing drug with a 100 % addiction rate ; )
< ferro

> mystery man was okay . i loved the writing , and some of the characters . and i 'm glad i read it because it introduced most of the characters for the rest of the series . but i really could n't connect with gwen , the things she did were n't something i agreed with or even understood and she was very selfish at times . overall this is a good book , very well written has action drama and intense moments and made me laugh . the ending was the best part it made everything worth it and this book introduces the characters for the rest of the series so it is important to read . i did n't like hawk at first either because was a serious jerk but again in the end he was cool . i do recommend this book even though it was n't one of my favorites because it can still be very enjoyable .
= good writing , but just did n't like gwen and hawk
< mystery man was okay

> the renegades series is off to a smoking hot start ! the passion was off the scale in this erotic romance from skye jordan . this author has a great talent for writing three-dimensional characters that grab the reader and carry him/her along for a steamy ride to happily ever after . the lead couple were fully drawn and i actually found myself caring what happened to them . the secondary characters were strong as well , and skye jordan has created a world i will definitely return to . the love scenes were passionate , sensual , definitely appropriate to the plot and moved the story along well . the pacing was fast ; or it was just that good that i was able to read it all in one sitting . well done . bring on book 2 . *i received my copy from netgalley.com in exchange for an honest review .
= great writing makes for a great read
< hot start !

> taste in coffee , as in most things , is highly personal . i liked the yuban , though i found it unexceptional . it 's smooth and pleasant , not particularly assertive . i did n't mind drinking it , though i do n't think i 'd ever order it again.to put all this into some perspective , let me say that latin american coffees are at the bottom of my list . i tend to favor more full-bodied indonesian coffees . i also like darker roasts . the yuban breakfast blend is one of the lightest roasts i 've used in years.i also really appreciate that some of the beans are sourced from rainforest alliance growers , and as such support sustainability and fair trade . all things considered , you could do far worse than making yuban breakfast blend a regular part of your day .
= not bad
< good taste , but not too assertive

> i quite enjoyed these cookies . they are reminicent of a shortbread cookie with a hint of orange and some chewy crasins thrown in for good measure . fairly reasonable stats for a cookie ( 140 calories , 5 grams of total fat and 7 sugars ) -- -until you see that is only for three cookies . no way you 're going to hold yourself to 3 lousy cookies in one sitting so you 'd better plan on doubling that . but it is still a better choice that a lot of offerings in the cookie isle . and that is just where i 'd go to purchase these . they did n't hold up well in shipping and i wound up with a lot of crumbs . which i ate anyway . because they were too yummy to let that stop me . enjoy !
= tasty little cookies
< great cookies , great taste , great for a cookie isle

> i learned to shave each side of my face using a straight razor and also altering hands . this is the closest shave imaginable . it requires concentration . try for perfection and get a cut . the blade cost is low compared to disposables , which for some reason shot up in price in the last couple years even though inflation expectations are anchored as they always say at the fomc . an important thing besides handling the blade is the preparation with shaving gel - one of the underestimated things a man does in the bathroom.i 'm not world class at the close shave as evidenced by red irritations after shaving - razor burn . this shave gel resulted in less irritation . also , it 's got that compelling dr. watson scent , suggestive of bull with high intelligence and low sensitivity .
= good for straight razor shave and watson scent
< the best shave imaginable

> a tampon should do two things well : provide long-lasting protection against leaks and be comfortable.i have a very active lifestyle and i do n't want anything to prevent me from doing any of my usual activites whether it be dancing , exercising , outdoor sports , or daily routines . at first i was a little leery about the idea of a & # 34 ; scented & # 34 ; tampon . i was pleasantly surprised , however , by how light the scent was and that it was not overwhelming or obvious . overall the tampon itself was comfortable and easy to insert , but i still prefer my regular brand , the playtex sport unscented tampon , as i feel it gives me superior protection from leaks .
= good for women with active lives .
< good protection , light protection

> this is a really good snack bar . i had the blueberry/nut version , and it actually had identifiable blueberries in it that tasted like blueberries - a quality that some snack items miss.it is a moist , chewy bar , which is a nice change from all the hard , crunchy bars out there that seem to fall apart when you open them.the big plus about this bar is that it is organic . it has zero trans fats , zero cholesterol , and zero sodium - which is also a big improvement over other snack bars.this would make a great snack for middle of the morning or afternoon , or a great item to carry in backpacks or on hiking trips .
= very tasty
< good snack bar

> i really enjoyed these k-cups of chai tea . i saw it said cane sugar but in reality it is stevia . either way it 's just too sweet , other than watering it down there 's no way to dilute the artificial sweetness . this mix includes black tea , cinnamon , ginger , allspice , cloves , black pepper , chicory root , and soy . i really like the taste of the tea but the overly sweet aftertaste is just too much . i did n't mix it with the milk as i prefer black tea . i would purchase again but for those who need to watch their sugar this may not be for you .
= too sweet ! but linteresting flavor .
< not bad , but not great

> with all the negative things said about this film , i want to defend it a little.it does have a long love story introduction , but war destroyed lives and we appreciate more the sacrifice of those lost when we appreciate more what they gave up.i was really worried when i learned before watching the movie that it was a love triangle ( 2 boys after the same girl ) but i 'm glad that in a sense it was a moral conflict since boy # 2 thought boy # 1 was dead , so when he hooked up with the girl he was n't maliciously stabbing him in the back.not a bad movie .
= a moral love triangle
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i gave these a try today and they taste alright . i am a fan of whole grain products , but the claim on the box that this is an excellent source of fiber is a bit of a stretch . like most packaged foods , there are some fattening and artificial ingredients in these . if you want fiber , try fresh fruits and vegetables.these crackers are individually wrapped , so they are good for lunchboxes . also they are fairly big , so you only need to pack one or two . overall , they are pretty decent for a snack or something to go with a salad at lunch .
= okay tasting , silly claims
< good for lunchboxes

> i also reviewed book 1. same comments here . outstanding story , good characters , good story line and hot , hot , hot . i was trying to preorder the next one in the series but they do n't offer it yet . i ca n't wait for it to be released . definitely recommend this series ! i had to add more to my comments . what i neglected to say besides this being an outstanding series is that i have read both books out so far 3 times ! absolutely loved them and got something new from the books with each re-read .
= excellent ! hot !
< outstanding !

> one of the big problems i 've had with my kindle fire is when i use it in settings where there are lights , either natural or artificial , and the light reflects off the kindle . in those cases i either have to keep moving my kindle , or put my head under a blanket along with the kindle in order to be able to read or watch a video.this product was not the answer to my problem . i still had lots of glare when using this , and did n't see any improvement . i would not buy this again .
= fire glare
< not the best

> hard to get too excited about a box , but here are my thoughts : pros-easy to assemble , one piece including lid , refolds flat as single piece for storage until reused , strong.cons- locking closure is not really that secure . tabs fit into the handle hole and when you carry it by the handles , it is closed securely . the tabs do n't go in far enough to convince me they are really going to stay tucked as the box gets moved around on a storage shelf and if used for shipping , tape would definitely be required .
= its a box
< great for storage

> my first thought are that i thought the box was on the small side . it seemed that all of the ingredients were natural but they added a lot of natural sugar into this to make it a sweet cereal . my first bite i really thought i was going to break a tooth or something as the flakes were entirely too hard to bite . overall it didnt have too bad a taste but again really too crunchy for me . not really a cereal i would recommend other than for all the natural ingredients .
= too crunchy .
< too crunchy

> i like the feel of these 3m shipping labels . they 're just as good as the avery brand , which presently dominates the market . they work with both laser and inkjet printers . they are a high quality product . the adhesive is terrific and sticks to every type of envelope . they peel easily and i 'm glad that this product is made in the usa . this superior product is about three dollars cheaper than avery , so no need to pay for a label .
= better than avery brand
< great product

> i tried this at refrigerator temperature but it might taste better if it sits in the freezer for a short time before drinking . it was passable but nothing outstanding that grabbed my taste buds . starbucks drinks are better especially the bottled frappaccinos so that is why this seems mediocre in comparison . i gave the rest to my teenager and she did n't even finish it . it might taste better on a super hot day if you are craving iced coffee but no guarantees .
= passable iced/cold coffee
< not bad , but not great

> this item worked great until it fried after only a week or so for no known reason . i am guessing it was a fluke , but worth mentioning . i really noticed a difference in the wireless speed before and even more so when i had to switch back to my older slower switch . it is very possible that someone in my house did something wrong to fry it so not sure i want to blame the quality of this product .
= worked great until it did n't
< worked great

> my dog loved this food and it passed the taste test with flying colors . my neighbor 's basenjis love it and so does the french bulldog down the street . when i had a chance to get this for my dog , i literally jumped at the chance ! my dog gave this rave reviews and wolfed it down quickly . luckily , there will be more on hand to keep a dog happy .
= a dog 's treat
< my dog loved it !

> i can not say too much other than please , please do n't wait too long before i have to read the continuation of lucien and sophie 's story , there are some parts of this book where breathing became labored for me and i love reading romance novels . this one is an addictive read , loved it , if you love romance , read this book .
= wow , this a hot , hot read ... ... ... ... ... ... ...
< loved it !

> what man wants to use face wash ? this one ! it has a great smell , texture and cooling sensation as you would expect from axe . it foams up well and is not too strong on my sensitive skin .
= great for manly men !
< great face wash !

> i 'm in love with me some horse ... .wow is all i can say . if you like bikers then this is definately the book for you . this book is full of action ( of every kind ) .
= reaper 's property
< love it !

> i absolutely loved this book . i loved david and evelyn ! story line was awesome and the love story was fantastic ! ! definitely a 5 star book ! !
= awesome
< loved it ! !

> just finished it and i am thinking of starting it over . what a crazy love story . it was great . ca n't wait for the next one .
= loved this book
< wow

> some great new features , but some issues.first , it 's got text-to-speech , with a caveat - some publishers may choose to disable this for their books , to preserve their audiobook market . sure , it sounds mr. roboto , but now you can listen to books which probably wo n't have audiobooks available , like grudem 's systematic theology . good . however , it does n't read web pages , and some navigation ( such as page-turning ) is disabled while tts is on . bad.next , the button design has been improved to avoid accidental page-turning . the unit has also been slimmed down , but it 's still not light . the metallic layer on the back looks nice but scratches easily - there 's already one on mine , of unknown origin.the navigation ? i kind of miss the old wheel , which was fast . the joystick is slower , plus there 's a huge problem where any hyperlinks in a table are inaccessible . this happens in many tables of contents , so be warned . amazon blames it on the publisher , but this was n't a problem on the kindle 1.0.liked the shortcuts in 1.0 , such as skipping in chunks using alt-something ? they 're gone . and coupled with the table-hyperlink issue , you 'll find navigating by chapters a trying task.the search has been improved - now you can limit it to the current book . but there are still no folders for better organization.it does n't ship with a cover , so plan on $ 30 or more for that . but it has a better securing system , a hinge thingy on the left side , although not all 2.0 covers use it.in sum , i 'm happy with it , mainly because of the tts and redesigned buttons . if tts disappears , and you have 1.0 , and you 've learned how to hold it to avoid unwanted page-turning , do n't bother with this new version .
= some hits , some misses - sadly
< good , but not great

> because it is based on two of his own published memoirs ( `` cash : the autobiography '' and `` the man in black '' ) , `` walk the line '' becomes , in many ways , the `` official '' movie biography of musician/singer/songwriter johnny cash - and it is n't really the movie 's fault that it arrives so close on the heels of `` ray , '' the equally critically acclaimed film about ray charles . the similarities between the two stories are , at times , positively amazing : the meteoric rise to stardom , the unhappy marriage , the serial philandering , the substance abuse , the arrest for drug possession . heck , there 's even the death of a beloved brother in a freak childhood accident that comes to haunt both the men for the rest of their lives . yet , `` walk the line , `` written by gill dennis and james mangold and directed by mangold , triumphs over its biopic cliches thanks to solid writing , toe-tapping musical numbers and superb performances by joaquin phoenix and reese witherspoon in the key roles of cash and singing superstar - and future wife - june carter.phoenix pours his whole heart and soul into his performance both as an actor and as a singer , reproducing cash 's sound and vocal intonations with uncanny accuracy . witherspoon captures carter 's sizzle and spunk perfectly , yet brings a real sensitivity and thoughtfulness to the character . their romantic scenes together are some of the best in the film and it is as a romance , rather than as a cautionary tale of the perils of show business , that the movie really connects with its audience.we 've seen a lot of this stuff before , but all credit to the actors , we do n't mind watching it again .
= great acting overcomes standard story
< a cautionary tale of a romance cash

> let me start by saying that , unlike many other reviewers , i have absolutely no idea what kind of oil is good or bad for hair . i have , however , always used and liked coconut oil products and , when i saw that listed as one of the ingredients ( along with shea butter ) , i thought i would give it a try.i was also interested in this product more for my dry ends rather than for my scalp.now , i 've read many of the other reviews where they refer to this as an `` ethnic '' hair product . i read the product description and all the information on the product itself , and do n't see that anywhere . but , since it seems to be an issue , i am mixed race with very long , fine , wavy hair . i use no `` ethnic '' hair products and never have.on to the product : i decided to use a very small drop of the product strictly on the ends of my hair . the drop was smaller than a dime . i rubbed it onto my hands and then into my hair.the smell was not unpleasant and did n't linger very long in my hair.the oil was very greasy . it coated my hands unpleasantly and left an unpleasant sheen in my hair . i did n't like the way that it looked so , although the instructions did n't say to do so , i brushed it in . that made it a bit better , however my hair still looked greasy and heavy.the plain fact is that , like anyone else , i like my hair to look clean . instead of imparting a healthy shine , this product made my hair look greasy and unwashed.simply put , i will not be using it again .
= greasy !
< not for me

> i like beef jerky , but i usually do n't like the `` repetitive '' quality of it ; long after i 've had other food , it returns to haunt me . mr. z 's premium beef jerky did n't give me the `` repeats , '' and is very subtly flavored , with the teriyaki flavor not as spicy as other brands would make it.i started to feel like a dog that wo n't let anyone near his chew stick as i gnawed my way through this bag of jerky . definitely good stuff , though i do n't like ingesting the additives that always seem to go with this type of product : the large amount of sodium , nitrites , and in this case also msg , which makes stuff like jerky a `` special treat and off the usual regimen '' item for me.a product of brazil , this mr. z premium beef jerky is made from grass-fed beef , and is not too bad calorie-wise . if you eat the entire 4 oz . bag it 's only 320 calories , and that 's a lot of jerky ( there are supposed to be 4 servings in the bag ... i guess if you 're the dainty nibbler type ) . all in all , this is good jerky , not overly salted , no nagging aftertaste , and with your beverage of choice ( it will make you thirsty as all jerkys do ) makes for satisfying snacking .
= grrr ... do n't touch my mr. z 's jerky !
< good jerky , but not too spicy

> i have read every sherlock holmes story and seen every movie and television version of sherlock holmes . i really like the basil rathbone movies but one reviewer is quite correct that they strayed considerably from the original stories . i also liked this movie version based on the original stories . while there are a lot of things i could nitpick about this movie , overall i found it quite interesting to see a very different ( than what most people define as sh ) version.who will like this movie is a good question.if you are like me and pretty much like every variety of sherlock holmes then you should like this movie . if you are a holmes purist regarding the originals then you might also like the movie . if you believe however that basil rathbone or jeremy brett is the `` real '' holmes then you probably will take exception to this movie . it is also quite obvious from some of the reviewers that they have a rather narrow expectation of sherlock holmes , if this is your case then skip this movie . if you are looking for an entertaining version of sh and can ignore mistakes and are not a nitpicker then you might also like this movie . if you want perfection in the story , perfection in the settings and perfection overall then certainly skip this movie . this is simply an entertaining version of sherlock holmes .
= back to the original sherlock holmes .
< sherlock holmes

> oh yeah ... it 's like that big hunk of deep dark chocolate fudge cake ... you know you should n't want it so bad ... you know you should walk away ... but the things it does for your mouth , body and yes , soul makes it too good to pass up . pretty much sums up how i felt about this book ... and city ( omg ! ! ! ) and what he shares with his conservative on the outside ( but dirty talking on the inside ) school teacher suzy , is just way too delicious to not enjoy ! both of them are leery of the other for different reasons when they first meet , but the attraction is strong and intense . a few obstacles block their path to an hea however , but after many struggles and upsetting incidents , they find out that they are more suited than they thought.this was a sexy and surprisingly fun book to read ... i loved all of the supporting family and friends who surround city and suzy and help them along on their journey to find happiness . if you like a pierced and tatted alpha male bad boy with a big loving heart ... you will love this one ! ***** 5 ***** & # 34 ; he gives me butterflies whenever i see him & # 34 ; stars = )
= butterflies in the city ... opposites do attract = )
< sexy and fun !

> one of my biggest complaints when buying sheets and pillow cases is that they sometimes do n't quite fit my beds or pillows . but this is not the case with this wonderful sheet set.when the manufacturer said `` deep pockets '' that was the truth . these sheets fit my bed with a puff top with no problem - they are easy to put on and take off . and the sewing on all the seams and edges is excellent . no loose threads or missed edges to fall apart after a little use or washing.next , i love this color = mocha . it is a lovely , just right shade ... think of a warm cup of hot chocolate or mocha coffee ... yep , that 's the shade , and it is beautiful.also , i love the soft texture of these sheets . after the initial washing , they were very soft and smooth - wonderful to sleep on . there are no pills from poor fabric quality even after several washings . also , the color is holding up beautifully even after several washings.finally , the pillow cases are a great fit on my overlarge pillows and the hems and stitching are excellent quality just like on the sheets.overall , this sheet set is a wonderful product .
= excellent fit and comfort !
< excellent product

> very few books draw me in like up in the air , all in , gabriel 's inferno , bared to you , etc. , but this book did . after reading this man earlier in january , it was hard to find characters and a storyline that would keep me up all night , but thanks to georgia cates , i now have laurelyn and jack . this story had me riveted from the first page when jack proposes an unusual arrangement to laurelyn upon her arrival for a 3 month summer visit to australia . she accepts and they embark on a hot relationship . i wo n't call it a romance because neither one agrees to that , at least at first . both the characters have some serious issues but i do n't want to give away any spoilers.i loved the australian setting but i will admit i had to look up a few slang words.sanger- sandwicholdies - parentscoldie - beerbrekkie - breakfastthere is a cliffhanger ending , of course , but the author treats us to a delicious prologue . the sex between jack and laurelyn is super hot but i really felt a connection between the two , thanks to ms. cates ' writing . more jack please ! and make it quick !
= unexpected 5 star read
< jack and laurelyn

> this was a very beautiful and sweet story of love . november is moving to tennessee to be with her father after she was attacked in ny . she 's looking forward to a new start especially since she does n't have a good relationship with her mom . she was kept from her dad until he finally found her after looking for a long time . she is going to help her dad out by doing his books on his club . she meets asher one night leaving the club and he was being a jerk but she could n't help but notice how gorgeous he was . asher knew the moment he laid eyes on her she was the one . so now he was going to have to convince her . november thought all her problems were over once she left ny but trouble seems to have followed her . the author did a great job with the storyline keeping it interesting from the beginning . i loved asher and his family . asher is all caveman alpha and sexy as well . it was fun with a twist of danger and mystery . ca n't wait to see what 's next for the brothers . highly recommend
= very enjoyable story
< beautiful story of love

> dennis lehane has given another flawless example of why he 's at the head of the pack of mystery writers . set in 1954 , two federal marshalls are sent out to shutter island which is the home of the ashecliffe hospital for the criminally insane . a patient by the name of rachel solando has escaped and she 's considered very dangerous . no sooner do they arrive than a fierce storm ravages the island , stripping it of power and stranding the detectives . what follows is a page a minute jaw dropper as one mystery unravels into another . ultimately the less you know the better . all i can say is it plays out brilliantly with a guaranteed shock ending you wo n't see coming . halfway through i kept saying to myself , 'this would be such a great movie ' , and then i read the rights have already been snapped up . what i marvel at is how unlike everything else he 's already written this is . this feels almost ira levinish , or more recently something m. night shyamalan would have penned . it 's the book that everyone will be talking about , and hopefully not revealing too much .
= wow ! ! !
< the best mystery movie of the year

> i ordered my kindle pw and ink blue cover at the same time but got the cover first . i liked the navy but i had no way of trying it since the pw was backordered . i ended up returning it and reordered the later added purple cover once my kindle arrived . i have to say that amazon has totally impressed me with the fit and design of the cover . the cover fits perfect leaving no gap so the kindle has a nice , snug fit . the color is a gorgeous elegant purple which is dark and also shows the purple beautifully at the same time . the wake feature is wonderful and i love the overall elegant feel of the kindle pw in it . the price is a bit high and would be a great value at about $ 10 cheaper . i 'm also glad amazon went with the pebbled leather look vs. the kindle touch cover which showed every little scratch . great job as usual amazon !
= perfect fit and design !
< great cover !

> i gave this book as a gift to my 10 year old neice , and here is what she had to say about it ( these are her own words ) : '' i really liked this book a lot . the characters are real to me and it has plenty of action and romance . i like grace and sam , and i like the way they are meant to be together from the beginning . sam saved grace a couple of years earlier , and has loved her ever since . how sweet ! sam wo n't be a wolf for much longer and he tries to spend all his time with grace while he can . he sings to her . the chapters are short , so i can read a few of them after my homework is done and before dinner , making the time go by faster . i recommend this book to anyone who likes werewolves ! ''
= a gift for my neice
< a great book for the werewolves !

> a charming precocious eleven year old sleuth named flavia deluce is the narrator of the first in a planned series of mysteries set in and around 1950s england . smart and witty , and with more than a passing interest in chemistry , young flavia lives with her father and two self absorbed sisters . wandering behind the house one morning , flavia discovers the body of a man who whispers a cryptic word to her before expiring . flavia suddenly channels her inner harriet the spy , as she begins to piece together who the mystery corpse is , and why he 's been murdered . i admit the book took me a few chapters to really hook in , but flavia is a winning , funny , and one of the more original gumshoes to it the mystery circuit in some time .
= a unique super slueth
< flavia is a charming , funny , and witty mystery

> 1.5 starswhat a shame , to take such a classic story and ruin it in this way . as with the first movie , the best parts of the book were either ruined or ignored . everything that was added beyond the original was either unnecessary or just plain stupid . the degree of ( un ) creative license taken with the story is truly appalling . i honestly do n't understand how any genuine tolkien fan can stomach this rendition of & # 34 ; the hobbit. & # 34 ; this is double surprising considering the ( mostly ) fantastic job they did with & # 34 ; the lord of the rings. & # 34 ; they showed respect for the original text.disappointing in nearly every way it could be.not recommended .
= no , no , no !
< the best of the series

> this product has 20 % of the antiperspirant ingredient compared to 19 % in other products . my wife did not notice any difference , though some reviewers have.this did keep my wife dry , but is much more expensive than other antiperspirants , which is why i gave it only four stars . however , for travel it is a nice and compact size . also , using the click wheel to dispense the right amount of cream ( this is not a solid , despite the label ) is convenient.for my family the extra cost is not justified , but if you have particularly sensitive skin or tend to sweat more profusely than the average person , then the extra cost may be worth it to you .
= works but is costly
< not for travel

> i got the book today , which first of all is the day that this book came out . and i 'm only halfway through but this book is a great addition to the series ! story : it is a misty day in privet drive . and hp is waiting in his bedroom for proffesser ( mind my spelling ) albus dumbleore . then he gets off to a weird start in hogwarts.thoughts : excellent ! i 'm only half way thru but i am loving this book . it 's all graet ! so i suggest you buy this book ! now ! do n't just sit there staring at computer screen expecting for more !
= so far , so great ! short and sweet review .
< great addition to the series !

> this book is hot ! scorching hot ! ! 1 . this book is full of angst , passion , and jealousy2 . it has a love triangle3 . it is super hot ! 4 . blake , the male lead is british and super dreamy5 . this book has a cliffhanger , but hey , book 2 is now available yeah , i had to rush to buy it ! seriously this is a really good book ! if you love reading about possessive , alpha males , steamy sex scenes , love triangles and knock off your socks angst filled love story , you will love this book . pure awesomeness !
= pure awesomeness
< hot ! hot ! hot ! hot ! hot !

> the story of a family brutally murdered on their farm is dark and twisted . despite a few gory details , i did get pulled into the story and get attached to the main character , libby , the surviving girl of the day family . you learn her story and follow her on the adventure to find out the truth about what really happened the night her mother and sisters were killed.the end of the book is a little weak and you 're left hanging wondering what happened to a few of the other characters . overall , i enjoyed reading the book and would recommend it .
= dark twisted story not for the faint of heart
< a little weak

> great stuff ! i was able to use this a a removable/temporary label on packing cartons as well as break off one inch pieces to use as page marking tabs in my books . the paper takes all kinds of inks well and the adhesive is never gummy.i love that i can cut off at what ever length i need but as it is a good 1 inch across there is plenty of room to pencil in the info . my one regret is that despite 400 inches being a tad bit over 11 yards , i could use a longer roll.love it !
= post-it hits another home run product
< great stuff !

> i 've been looking forward to this book for months and it did not disappoint . jack henry and laurelyn 's story was perfect in every way . the only thing i would have liked was a little more detail with what ended up happening with the band and with the ex-boyfriend , it was just kind of glossed over . plus i was expecting a big showdown with laurelyn finally meeting her father and it was pretty underwhelming . but it was n't really about them so in the end i was happy with the story .
= do i love jack henry ? absof**kinglutely !
< i liked it .

> we have wood siding on our house and the woodpeckers love it . a friend of mine suggested trying deer repellent as it had worked for them . i sprayed the areas the woodpeckers seemed to favor and have n't seen them on the house since . i 'm not entirely sure this stuff did the job all by itself and it was n't also simply a change in the season , but they 're gone and i will use this again in the spring .
= woodpeckers
< works well

> i 'm still every bit enamored with the series as i have been since the first book and will gobble up every bit of story george martin throws my way but with this most recent entry i finally felt the pangs of impatience and vehemently wished that martin could go back and capture some of that brilliant narrative pacing he pulled off in book # 3 and re-inject that energy back into the series . ps - the daenerys storyline is starting to bug !
= weakest of the series to date , but still a worthy read
< another great book from martin martin

> i loved the taste : not too sweet , not at all bitter . i deliberately drank this when i was having a `` jello '' afternoon ( felt like i was doing everything in slow motion ) , and it had just the right amount of caffeine to help me snap out of it , without making me jittery like some energy drinks . i 'm hoping the other flavors taste just as great .
= very refreshing !
< not too sweet

> i loved it ! ! i read it awhile ago , but did n't review it , so i reread it and i loved it as much the second time . sam and maddie are quite a pair . they knew each other in high school and maddies heart got broken . will sam make it right ?
= omg
< loved it ! !

> psycho goes down as one of the best hitcock movies ever made as well as one of the best horror movies ever done . the movie is a guessing game of what will happen next and who has done what . after all these years , the movie still has n't lost any of its affect .
= one of the best horror movies ever
< the best horror movie ever done

> i had wanted to read this for a while , but the size of the book kept me away . i am glad i did . this was fun and interesting . the book was at times confusing and long , but very enjoyable . especially when written by a university of michigan graduate ... .
= very interesting , i really enjoyed it ... .
< fun read

> i really enjoy these reusable tabs . not only do they hold up well , they 're movable and they are easily removable . i have tried several different two-way tabs over the years and this one is by far the best one out there . light on the pocket book and worth every cent .
= perfect for apartment dwellers .
< great for the pocket

> arguably the most talked about movie of its era or any other era . put speielberg on the map 3 years before his buddy george lucas joined him in the history books with a little flick called star wars.all these years later , we still watch this master piece .
= a monster hit of a movie in every way .
< the best movie of the year

> the story has a lots of twists and turns , thrilling and exciting love story . the characters were amazing written for this book . i enjoyed reading this book , and ca n't wait to read the second book . thanks for writing an amazing book .
= what a thrilling book
< amazing

> this book is fantastic with all the little things that happen throughout leading to a grand ending that we will now have to wait for in the next part out in may
= i feel like this has been a great journey
< great book

> this was a very intense book . it 's crazy how bipolar disorder can effect every aspect of someone 's life . their relationship between remy and brooke was explosive !
= real
< intense

> this was a great little love story ! ! ! i enjoyed it very much . i would definitely recommend it . great job lauren. ! ! ! !
= kathy
< great story ! ! !

> i 've read ( and oftentimes not even finished ) so many kindle stinkers lately that i was seriously ready to give up on them . i figured that if i wanted to find something worthwhile , i 'd have to root through forum discussions to find something , and this story was it.haley has always been something of a pushover , and for that reason , she 's allowed her neighbor and co-worker , jason , to bug her for the past five years just by being his jerky self . but when he goes after the tulips that she 's planted between their houses , she 's had enough . the confrontation actually leads to a strong friendship that builds between the two . i found it an interesting twist that , instead of jason becoming a nice guy , we basically see haley meet him at his own level . she does n't become a jerk , but she learns to stand up for herself . he 's so caught up in making her a protege , he calls her his & # 34 ; little grasshopper , & # 34 ; which eventually becomes annoying , but is endearing up until you reach that point.i like the building of the friendship between the two , but i think the story did have some week points . for one , there was no purpose in the two being neighbors and co-workers . they 're jobs as teachers are barely touched upon , but the portrayal is pretty unrealistic in that regard . and the end of the story was a little weak for me . i wo n't spoil it , but i will say that the drama is a bit overplayed since they 'd really become each other 's best friend and communicated rather well with each other up to that point . but in all , it was a fun story , and well worth the $ .99 i paid for it !
= neighborly love
< a little weak , but not great

> brad bird 's delightful `` ratatouille '' has proven yet again what we already know . that is , you do n't need a big name or catchy music to make a great animation . all you need is believable characters you can relate to and an interesting story driven by them even though one of the characters is actually a most incredible creation -- a french gourmet rat named remy , who goes to paris and establishes friendship with a shy boy working in the kitchen of a ( formerly ) five-star restaurant.brad bird , who scored a one-two punch by giving us two fantastic animations , anmely `` the iron giant '' and `` the incredibles , '' has created one of the most charming characters in the movie history in remy , a rat who loves cooking more than anything . the lovable rat 's colorful facial and bodily expressions of emotions are always amusing to see , with dynamic movements that only gifted animators can create . ( look close at the end of the film and its `` no motion capture '' credit . ) not many words are necessary to describe the pure joy of watching this amazing animation . enjoy the unpredictable story of remy 's adventures plus colorful world of his kitchen . and the film concludes with a strong statement about critic 's role , which is quietly done but most biting .
= delightful film from the director of `` the iron giant '' and `` the incredibles ''
< the best `` ratatouille ''

> i am pleasantly surprised at how handy this mug is ! of course , it looks nice and it does what it 's supposed to do . you put the string from your teabag through the lid , then when it has steeped enough you can use the flexible green lid to squeeze the bag . ( yes , a lot of folks do not believe in squeezing the bag at all , saying it causes bitterness . i think that is an old wives tale for the most part and it all depends on what tea you are drinking . ) it also keeps your fingers dry if you are a squeezer , which is nice for those of us who drink oodles of tea . but the extra nice thing is that the lid keeps your tea hot ! at least it helps , which is so wonderful . ahhhhh . i also think it 's cool that the liquid/tea appears to kind of be suspended in the mug , due to the double wall . as many of us tea drinkers know , we can spend a lot of money on fancy teas , or just very good teas . it 's nice to have them ` displayed ' while we are drinking them.overall i think this would be an awesome gift for anyone who loves tea . enjoy ! !
= perfect gift for tea drinkers !
< handy mug !

> it was midnight and my son and i had just finished watching the deathly hallows part 1 on the big screen . it was the first time we had ever done the midnight show on the opening night . after reading all the books , seeing all the preceding movies ( multiple times ) the build up to this finale was incredible . would they get it right ? capture the intensity ? the feeling ? the danger ? the answer is , absolutely.the movie exceeded all our expectations . it was very well done , the effects were incredible and the ending satisfying.i was happy to buy this three movie set . it comes with a blu-ray copy , perfect for seeing all the great detail included in the movie , a dvd copy for when you are somewhere without a a blu-ray player ( like portable dvd 's in the car ) . however , like other reviewers , i am greatly disappointed that the uv copy is not playable on my ipod or computer . i will be contacting flixster for the itunes download as another reviewer has suggested . given this , i ca n't condemn the movie , just the content packing.a worthy ending to a fantastic series , but the uv copy will leave you dissatisfied .
= the perfect ending to a great series
< the answer is , absolutely.the , and , and the

> this most unusual dry roasted almond from emerald is lightly coated with dark cocoa powder , slightly salty and slightly sweet , and utterly delectable . this is a scrumptious crunchy snack that can also be reasoned as being healthy , since it has dietary essentials like protein and fiber , and therefore good for the body , as well as the emotions , that desperately need some chocolate now and then ! the container information estimates that a serving is 1 oz . ( about cup ) , which is actually quite a lot , and it 's listed as 150 calories . chances are though , that you wo n't stop at 1 oz . with these delicious little morsels in front of you . as a party snack , cocoa roast almonds are a super hit . although it seems that the cocoa is like a dusting over each nut , they do n't leave your hands a terrible mess . cocoa roast almonds make a terrific combo with your favorite beverage as a dessert , and they are also a nifty `` on the go '' breakfast . the chocolate nutty aroma is wonderful , and the lightweight container is shaped to fit the palm of your hand . good job emerald on this excellent product !
= the subtle and sophisticated chocolate almond
< delicious , crunchy , and delicious !

> director tim burton excels at developing moody , dark atmospheres for his films , and it is the milieu of sleepy hollow , with its severe architecture and dark , creepy forests that stands out . however , there is more to this film than that : johnny depp and christina ricci turn in fine performances , as do an expert cast of seasoned character actors . washington irving 's classic story has been reimagined successfully by burton and his screenwriters , kevin yagher and andrew kevin walker . in this version , ichabod crane is an iconoclastic new york police inspector who is an early believer in the value of forensic science . exasperated by his insistance on adhering to scientific method , his superiors send him to sleepy hollow to solve a series of decapitation murders . crane is a reluctant hero with a weak stomach -- he is afraid of spiders and his first encounter with the headless horseman causes him to lock himself in his room for three days ! all of this makes for a supremely entertaining mix of thrills and humor .
= dark and atmospheric , with a hint of humor
< entertaining mix of thrills and humor

> i gave this to my friends 2 little chihuahuas ( sp ) and they loved it . they did n't eat as much at one time as they do cheaper brands of food which leads me to believe it is more filling and more satisfying . that also means less poo to get rid of later off the yard when i am taking care of them . the sirloin bits that are soft tend to stick together so if your giving it to a tiny dog then i suggest you pull those chunks apart a bit so they do n't get them caught in their throat if they eat too fast . i noticed they sniffed it out and ate all the sirloin chunks first , then ate the rest . they definitely enjoy it and when they see this bag they come running . i do wish the bag ahd been resealable for freshness though . i dumped it all in a huge tupperware so it would stay fresh .
= chef michael 's grilled sirloin dry dog food
< great for chihuahuas

> this is interesting , i 'm sure those who are put off by traditional hollywood productions , which do get old , will love this . i might be crude but i found it a bit too subtle.chatlotte , played by scarlett johansson was a charming character , someone you wish you could be best friends with , but she still looks the 19 years old girl she is . she does not look like the 25 year old married woman she plays.during the whole movie all you can think about is , will bill murray and johansson hook up , will they ? well , dont hold your breath buddy ... this love story might really need some simple translation , into human terms , because it 's just too subtle . i felt like i needed a microscope or a giger couter to get in on the action.this was a nice movie , really . but i doubt i 'd watch it again .
= not bad but ...
< interesting , but not great

> i do n't drink a lot of energy drinks and i do n't even mega-dose my coffee . i just do n't like the way it makes me feel . but sometimes when i know i 'm dragging , i 'll drink a red bull to stay alert . i 've finally gotten used to the taste of red bull on long drives , but i ca n't say i really drink them for pleasure.that 's my background with energy drinks.this one was pretty good . it was n't great and i would n't drink it for pleasure . but if you really need an energy drink and do n't like the extreme testosterone versions of all the other red monster rock bull star drinks on the market , give this one a try . it packs a gentle boost without being overwhelming . plus it does n't have the same glass cleaner taste that the others have .
= interesting drink
< not bad , but not great

> `` this man confessed '' was amazing ! ! ! the secrets are definitely out in this book and will shock you to your very core . jesse and ava continue to face obstacles and things get harder when someone starts threatening them . the warning threats are taken lightly until they become physical and then the game changes completely . we definitely find out why jesse is the way he is and i would n't love him any other way . he is the ultimate alpha male . this is one series that will leave you completely satisfied with the ending . every possible question you had since the beginning of the series is answered in this one . i absolutely loved this book and it book definitely deserves more than 5 stars . this series has become one of my favorites and i will definitely read it again and again .
= absolutely amazing ! ! !
< `` this man confessed '' was amazing ! ! !

> `` hansel and gretel : witch hunters '' starts off with a fairly clever premise , but it never comes up with anything particularly interesting to do with it . it would appear that , since stuffing their witch captor into her own oven , the precocious youngsters have grown up to be renowned , medieval bad-asses , hired by a village to investigate the mysterious disappearances of a number of its children.as the title characters , jeremy renner and gemma arterton do what they can with woefully underwritten roles , but the movie itself quickly degenerates into a succession of redundant action and fight sequences ( inexplicably , with modern firepower ) that fail to excite either the imagination or the pulse and that ultimately go nowhere . and the ending feels way too much like the start of a franchise . well , as they say , forewarned is forearmed .
= largely joyless update of the fairy tale classic
< clever , but not great

> i do love me some walker brothers ! ! i mean who does n't ? ? ! ! this story was a quick glimpse into thanksgiving and christmas with our favorite brothers and their loving families . we get point of views and little stories from all of the characters and some hints as to what 's to come in upcoming books . the twins braydon and brendon , sawyer and ethan are all in need of some happiness . i can not wait to read each of their stories . this is a wonderful world of sexy men , loving spouses/partners and just fun all around.thanks to ms. edwards for allowing us to enjoy this amazing world she has created .
= wow ! ! love this series
< love me some walker brothers ! ! !

> it is very easy to make a nice cup of caffeine-free drink with this product . just add few drops into a cup of water and it tastes great . the flavor is fine , and the delivery method is simple . you can adjust the amount of stock depending on the size of the cup . it is convenient to carry to the office . you can also use small portions , if you do n't want to make a whole pitcher of tea ; recommended ! 1.the coffee bean & tea leaf coffee liquid extract , regular , 33.8-ounce bottles ( pack of 3 ) 2.tazo tea , spiced black chai tea concentrate , 32oz
= i like this peach tea
< easy to make and easy to make

> what makes this film great is what it does not show . there is no huge avalanche of blood , none of the sadistic torture porn cruelty that passes for horror these days . it 's mostly psychological , with the sociopathic , incurable michael myers watching and stalking young people , mostly women , in his hometown after escaping from a mental institution.jamie lee curtis is wonderful as the scrappy laurie strode , who must try to protect herself as well as two young kids.the music is also very effective , with the thudding piano sounding much like the pounding heartbeat of a frightened person.good stuff !
= the original is still creepy after all these years
< the

> this was one of the funniest and most entertaining stories i 've read in a long time . the characters were well developed and so easy to connect with . i loved the relationship caroline had with her girlfriends and the witty banter between the three of them . the story was full of charm ... humor ... and new love . simon was delicious and fun . he and caroline were a perfect match . the chemistry between them was off the charts . this wad just one of the best feel good reads i 've read in a long time . absolutely highly recommend .
= absolutely delightful
< one of the best books i 've read in a long time

> this movie is one of those `` life altering '' movies . no matter how old you get , you will always remember it and the affect it had on you . the dry humor and sarcasism between quinn and hooper are worth the price of admission alone . the deer in the headlights look by chief brody when he finally sees the shark while `` chumming '' is my favorite part ! up to this point he does not realize that he is on a waterborn deathstar . the terror gets passed to another generation..
= jaws ( 1975 )
< the deer

> compared to others we have had , i think it is an improvement.set up - it 's easy . it looks for your internet connection , sets it up , and basically is and up and running with very little need for anything from you . approx up and running in 15 minutes.speed - seemed to have some improvement.range - no problem spots in our house.software - still getting used to the software , but it seems to work well.i like this router , it was worth the upgrade .
= great router , easy set up
< good router

> this dinner kit should be in everyone 's pantry . if you have this and a pound of hamburger , you 'll never be caught short for a quick dinner . just brown your hamburger , pour in the mix and some water and you 're all set . and ... did i say ... it tastes really good . the color could be more appetizing but it probably wo n't last on your table long enough for that to be noticed , much less a problem .
= quick and easy
< tastes good , but not a dinner

> i 'm a long term avery label user , and was happy to have a chance to try these 3m labels . i used them over christmas , when i had a lot of boxes to mail . they print easily with microsoft and avery templates , and stick well on boxes . i was happy with the size of them for extra long foreign addresses , too.since 3m labels are cheaper than avery , i 'll definitely be looking for them in the future .
= good adhesive , easy to use
< great labels

> i really enjoyed the first book . i was into cash and the dynamics of the characters were intriguing . however i kind of felt disgusted and pissed because of what happened and in the end i let it go . i mean no point in getting upset about what happens ca n't change it right . so here i am writing this to let you know the plot thickens and it is something i ca n't begin to describe .
= disappointed
< good read

> the flavor of this reminded me somewhat of candy , but i ca n't recall which one . it 's fruity but not too sweet . i 'd give this to my kids over a regular sugar laden soda.ingredients include : 100 % ( filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates , apple , grape , kiwi , acerola , raspberry , and strawberry juice concentrates ) natural flavors , ascorbic acid ( vitamin c ) .
= kiwi berry
< not too sweet

> i thought this was very good , certainly good for a night 's entertainment . i thought both cruise and foxx were good , but probably not for a nomination ( must be a slow year in movies ) . cruise has his `` mission : impossible '' mode and foxx changes from a waddling to active state back to waddling , but you always want him to pull through .
= very good
< good , but not great

> i 'm at awe with this story , it had so much emotion it just overwhelmed me . yes , there 's a lot of sex in it and if that is not for you i suggest not read it . but they 're werewolves and honestly that 's what they do . but it is also a good story . i thoroughly enjoyed it and i do recommend it .
= i love trey what can i say
< wow !

> surrender- melody anne i think i have had this on my kindle for awhile finally decided to read it . interesting storyline and characters and yes i am drawn into reading the next book . kind of reminds me of 50 shades of grey with the controlling man and a non-disclosure . quick read , finished it in one day and i enjoyed it .
= surrender
< good read

> another great by colleen ! this book was so well written . i loved the flow and how she was so creative with how it was written . she just did n't just resell the story - she incorporated parts we never read and added so much of will 's thoughts.the book is absolute brilliance and i just love will cooper more .
= perfect
< love will cooper

> this is such a great book with so many wonderful quotes/words of wisdom worth highlighting so you can go back and read them over and over again . the attraction between lake and will was immediate and strong . however , the relationship was wrought with challenges and heartbreak . it is definitely an emotional read .
= emotional read
< great book

> i met say that although i thought the last book was a great ending ( except for no epilogue ) , this was a sweet addition . i will miss rush and blaire . hopefully we will continue to read snippets of them in other books . would love to read grants book .
= sweet ending
< great ending

> this book was absolutely amazing . it was kind of scary because of the world we live in but it showed bravery , love , and the willingness to survive together . can not wait for the next book .
= must read
< amazing

> easy to use , no mess , took care of the mice . remeber there is never one , so it will take several , i just put them out until i got an empty trap .
= wonderful
< easy to use

> a light squeeze is all you will need of this mango/peach - a heavy one results in a drink that will need watering down . the flavor was good for such a non-standard combination .
= making water interesting
< a light squeeze

> this film may not be scary , but it has chills and thrills ! fine acting and chilling music ! kubrick is a master ! grade : a+
= creepy !
< a master !

> my dog loves all the flavors of these treats . i get them these once in a while as a treat .
= my dog loves these
< my dog loves them

> there are four things to consider with this product.first is taste - the taste is fine . i feel the cracker texture is excellent but the actual taste was rather bland . the cheese on its own has a nice sharp taste but it gets lost in the blandness of the cracker . ( i would suggest some rye in the cracker to give it an accent . ) second is packaging - inside each box is 6 individually wrapped snacksize crackers . i always have an issue with over packaging ( packaging within packaging . ) but the ideal use for this product is for an on the go snack or late night cram session snack . the individual wrapping is necessary for this use . and the exterior box is plain cardboard , so i guess i am okay with this.third is price - which at $ 4 for a box of 6 is only a fair price.fourth is use - based on the above , this is not an everyday snack . you could buy nicer and less expensive crackers and use a good cheese spread like kakuna club for a more tasty everyday snack . but this would be good for an on the go snack , something to carry around in a backpack , purse or glove compartment for a snack on the go . or for parents sending their kids a care package for finals week.this is a good not a great product .
= nice convient snack
< good taste , but not great

> this film invented the summer blockbuster , however unlike some that have followed this is a classic movie . directed by spielberg and with a fantastic cast , how could it go wrong ? what we tend to forget now , is that spielberg in 1975 had n't had a blockbuster yet , so this was not a dead cert for success . however i think word of mouth and the quality of the film soon guarenteed its place in history.roy scheider is the police chief who 's convinced there is something in the water , but is confronted by town officials only interested in not spoiling the tourist season . scheider gives us a quietly determined man , whereas robert shaw 's performance as quint , a grizzled fisherman , is loud , aggresive and energetic . richard dreyfuss completes a great trio of leading actors . the mixed chemistry between them is perhaps the strongest point in the film.the film won 3 oscars , most noteably of course for john williams evocative music score ( which also won a bafta as well ) . if you were n't born in the 70 's , the dvd gives you the chance to see a great film in widescreen 2.35:1 with 5.1 dolby digital sound , which will be somewhat better than seeing the panned and scanned version frequently shown by many channels . a great film .
= the original summer blockbuster
< spielberg 's best film of spielberg and with a great cast

> i always catch a mouse or two every year and it is never fun cleaning it up and i usually only notice i caught one by the smell , which is extremely pungent in the basement of which i only go into once or twice a month . these mouse traps are a great idea , they seal on the rodent so there is no need to transfer it into a bag just to put it in the trash and cuts down on the smell with its sealing hatch ( which it also seals the parasites and fleas of which the instructions claims ) .but there are a few drawbacks . first just figuring out how to use the trap is frustrating . i reread it multiple times before i had to hop online just to figure out how it works ( the video on this page is a good guide on how to use it ) . also this trap is byob ( bring your own bait ) where it suggest you smear peanut butter in a tab that is then inserted into the trap which can be messy operation . lastly , the trap door is pretty small , thankfully the mice that i catch tend to be small , but if the ones you are trying to catch are big , you may want to go with another product .
= great idea , not the best execution
< great idea , but not a good product

> i do n't do a lot of crafts , but i do use colored craft paper for things like making photo albums and for occasional other projects . i thought that this adhesive paper would be nice to have , as i am sometimes using tape or glue for my own projects.overall , i liked this paper . to me , it feels about the same weight as construction paper , but lighter than most types of card stock . the colors i received in the `` jewel-tones '' collection are bright , and i am sure they will come in handy for various uses . i also really liked that the paper has a grid on the opposite side ( the backing to the adhesive ) making even cutting a snap.the main reason i am giving this craft paper 4 rather than 5 stars is the price . there are only six sheets per package , which means that you are paying over a dollar per sheet , which just seems ridiculous . for that price , i will likely just stick with traditional card stock , which i can usually purchase very cheaply from mass-market craft stores ( approximately 40-50 sheets for less than five dollars ) . in the end , i would only recommend this craft paper to those who do n't care about price .
= great for a variety of craft projects
< good paper , but price is the price

> this statement lies at the ending of this movie . i must state that tarantino has made the most original and honest tribute to the great oriental tradition ; specially to the immortal bruce lee , ( kato style from the green hornet tv series from the sixties ) quentin tarantino made a brilliant film , inmersed in the middle soul of the revenge . in many ways when i watched the film i could n't let to think about a modern adaptation of the count of montechrist to the modern times . the takes are elegant , and the camera handle is still better than pulp fiction .thurman is magnificient in this role . her charismatic beauty however , is not an obstacle for her to show all the spirit of fury , rage and cruelty that this character demands.the violence reachs poetic heights . specially in the final duel.an ovewhelming triumph from tarantino ; the edition and special effects are first rate . and from now , consider the decisive multiple sword duel in the hall as a true classic sequence . it 's a macabre coreografic dance filled with histamina.do n't miss this tribute to all that generation of kung fu fighters : bruce lee , david carradine , jim kelly , john saxon and karate gladiators too as chuck norris.a superb picture .
= the revenge is not always a straight line !
< tarantino 's best

> the wetness protection and odor reducing properties of this clinical strength product work as advertised . the price , however , is completely ridiculous for the 2 per package at $ 17.28 ( $ 5.40 / oz ) . i would never pay this much for any type of deoderant-antiperspirant ! i applied the product after shaving and there was no irritation or stinging noticed.the product did not stain or streak my dark clothing as is usual for deodorant that is white and powder-like that comes into contact with dark fabric.the substance went on smoothly and evenly . i would expect that it works as advertised so no surprises there . protection is what i would expect and difficult for me to measure against other products of this type as i do n't have a sweating or odor problem in the first place . the scent was pleasant and the consistency of the product was effective for coverage.i liked it , would love to use it , but will not ever pay that much fot a product of this nature when used to paying around $ 2-2.50 for other brands and types of deodorant/antiperspirant that are also effective and efficacious .
= good product , way too expensive ...
< works as advertised

> i try to find healthier foods and beverages , so i really wanted to give this a try . i 'm a big fan if stevia , and while i 'm used to the slight `` after taste '' that the sugar gives , a mintiness from the leave , many dislike it . what 's great about this water is that it 's sweet without the after taste . not sure how they managed to get rid of it , but great all the same ! as it says , no pulp , so my bf was happy about that as he 's tried the pulp versions and disliked the texture , but also tasted this and really liked it , definitely wanted more ! i do have daily heartburn which i take prilosec for , but even with meds it 's still faintly there . this water definitely helps with taking the edge off , but i 'd say the equivalent is maybe that of tums or rolaids . still , it does help and seems fresher and more natural and definitely tastes better and sweeter with no bad aftertaste . highly recommended to all !
= sweetened water tastes good , helps with heartburn
< great water , but does help you seems fresher

> i got completely lost in the light between oceans . this story is full of the struggle between right and wrong . i became totally immersed in the story of isabel and tom and their choices , which were all at once both right and wrong . isabel has lost three babies so when a young infant literally washes up on the little island that only she and her husband inhabit she is immediately drawn to love the child . to protect her at all costs . she is still reeling from the grief of loosing her babies so when tom tries to reason with her on what the right thing to do is she has already decided . they will raise the baby as their own . that decision changed the course of countless lives and will forever haunt them . i felt such anger and such compassion towards isabel over her choices . there is no black or white in this story . this is one that will stay with me for a long time .
= haunting
< a must read

> this is by far one of my favorite books this year- i know the year just started but it 's one that will stay on the top ! laurelyn is one sassy chick i love her and i respect that she followed the `` agreement '' . she did everything right . jack well he did n't seem to follow one of his own rules when it came to laurelyn but unlike the other companions she could careless about his money . throughtout the book each of their stories unfolds and you can help but root for them to have a hea . i am hear to tell you the ending is anything but ! it was a fabulous ending but a heart breaking one at that . author georgia cates gives us a taste of the next book that is due out in summer 2013- i am hoping for an early release as laurlyn & jack will surely haunt my thoughts until them.follow my blog at iloveladyporn.com
= my new favorite book ! !
< one of my favorite books

> if you are living in 2013 and do n't have a back-up external hard drive storing your videos , music , photos and more , then you are just asking for computer slow downs and crashes galore . i 'm a diehard mac boy and do regular podcast interviews , youtube videos , photo storage ... i 'm packing on the memory on my imac . i noticed a significant slow-down on my computer that desperately required me to get the seagate backup plus hard drive . with 3 tb of memory ( dang , that 's a lot ! ) , i do n't think i 'll ever run out of space again . if you are a fiend with all the multimedia stuff that 's out there today , then you need this -- like yesterday !
= 3 tb backup space -- yeah baby !
< if you are a fiend with all the multimedia stuff !

> i purchased this cable for connecting a blu-ray player to a receiver . this cable worked as well as any high priced one from a big box electronics store . the quality is excellent and does what it 's supposed to do . no sense spending a gazillion dollars when you can get these cables on amazon . i like the 6.5 length because i have so many cords going all over the place in my home theater system , all feeding through a hole in the back of the tv cabinet/stand that the tv sits on . this gives me that little extra length where i need to wind around things . i 've always been happy with amazon basics products and use them whenever i can .
= great quality , great price
< great cable

> my husband is a big chocolate fan and he loves his cookies . i like choclate chip cookies with white chocolate in them , so these sweet and chewy cookies are a nice compromise . i like the crunch , he loves the fudgy center , that , when slightly chilled , make the cookies even more delicious.the package arrived rather abused , but that was perhaps because for a week our mail was on hold while we had to evacuate for a wildfire . these cookies still get crumbly and on a hot day the gooey dough make them even stick together like one sculptured chocolate piece of art.these are definitely a winner , and any chocolate lover will give these two sticky-gooey thumbs up .
= three words to describe this : chocolatety , chocolicious , chocochewy !
< delicious !

> i actually read lover eternal ( the second in the series first ) and was n't sure if i should bother reading this one , since i already knew how everything would turn out . i 'm glad i changed my mind . this series has got to be the best i have read in a very long time . the action , romance , adventure , and complexity is wonderful . ward creates a well-rounded and interesting set of characters that are unique to each other and will draw the reader into the story as though they are experiencing it first hand . i 'm already planning a trip to the bookstore in the morning to buy the third in the series .
= wonderful
< another great series

> when given the option between something healthy and something else , i will always make the wrong choice . i figured i 'd give these a try because if any flavor would work for me , mocha would have the best chance . i 'm not a big fan of granola bars , but these were pretty good . the mocha taste was pretty strong , but it mixes wonderfully with the chocolate . i do n't think i would grab it if it were sitting next to a snickers bar , but it will do in a pinch . they are small and not too filling , just enough to tide me over between meals .
= it 's not a snickers bar ... .
< good taste , but not a fan of mocha

> i am writing this as i read . i tried the sample first and had to read all of it . but there were some things i had problems with.first of all i do n't like how they do not separate the h/h thoughts . and even when talking about the past , it was sort of jumbled up and did not transition smoothly . i am hoping it gets better.i have finished it and let me say fabulous ! ! ! ! even tho it stayed the same it was still an excellent book ! maybe it is just me that is bothered by my earlier observations , i would still recommend this book .
= beautiful story
< i liked it !

> this is a very cute and handy reusable bag . i love the bright blue and the dr. seuss pictures all over it , it makes me happy to look at it . i think i expected it to be a little bigger because of the word large in the description , it 's about the size of an average size sandwich bag . the zipper works well and it is easy to rinse out or turn inside out if you really need to clean . i think any kid or kid at heart would be happy to use this bag .
= cute !
< cute and handy

> broad spectrum means it has both uva and uvb protection . that 's the main thing to look for in sunscreens . both types of uv cause aging of the skin.the current research says that above spf 30 there extra protection is immaterial . this one is rated spf 30.no sunscreen is waterproof and the fda wo n't let them say they 're waterproof anymore . this one says it 's water resistant . i believe it is based on the way it gets absorbed into the skin.i love the scent . it reminds me of aloe .
= has it all - broad spectrum , absorbing yet non-greasy , great scent
< uvb protection

> i really liked how this book started out . i was warned by the reviews that this book is about cheaters . i was captivated by their relationship , even cheering for them , even though they were cheating . how screwed up is that ? ? then everything went to hell , ugh , i ca n't even talk about it . you 'll need to read yourself and make your own decisions if you liked it . i 'm glad i read it . not sure i 'll ever read it again though ...
= hmmmmm , my emotions are all over the place on this one
< great book

> i enjoy cereal and this cereal is like most sugar coated flakes of goodness . it 's not going to win any points for originality , but it is a tasty little treat . it 's like frosted flakes with some added sugar and nut fragments sprinkled on top ... .at least this time they stole a cereal profile from their own company . ; -d i 've seen this cereal much cheaper at wal-mart than the prices on line , so if you 're looking to give it a try , buy it there .
= another tasty treat , but nothing new here either !
< tasty , but not too sweet

> i am very impressed with these overnight diapers . they are very absorbent , even after a 10-hour night 's sleep . i tried this brand when our child was a baby and found the diapers to be a bit rough to the touch ( most likely due to the recycled material ) , but these are quite soft and my son feels comfortable in them . he also enjoys the `` lorax '' pictures on them . i would definitely purchase these diapers again in the future .
= good diapers
< very absorbent

> what a ride this was , i had reading this . omg drew is freaking hot and also a mess lol , so glad to read a book in a man pov . the story was good as hell and ca n't get enough of mr drew evans , he got the whole package , his friend matt is funny as hell and perfect for dee-dee . i am so happy for drew pov , the book was so well written i definitely recommend it to readers ,
= tangled was absolutely freaking perfect
< hot hot hot

> i saw the movie before ever reading a single book . i liked it i supposed , but it was just ok. after reading the book , i did find that the movie was pretty much spot on in regards to translating it from book to screen . the characters were perfectly cast i thought and i loved the score . i am still a huge hp fan regardless so i will watch this movie again and again if i happened to catch it on tv .
= love the book , movie was ok
< good movie

> i used this as a marinade for chicken . it cooked well and did not burn even at a higher heat . the mango , ginger , and habanero blend produced a very well rounded flavor with a nice kick of spice at the end of the bite.the sauce is a wonderful beginning . when i use it again i may add frozen mango chunks or pineapple . it would be a great base for a stir fry . it also stands well by itself .
= excellent blend of sweet fruit and warm spice
< great flavor

> i highly recommend this story , a follow up to the proposition , you wo n't be disappointed ! ! ! ! there is also a novella but am reading that next called `` the party '' . this is a very nice story great job katie ! ! ! ! : ) ca n't wait for the story about pesh ! loved this character coming in `` the pairing '' hope it comes out soon .
= kathy
< loved it ! ! !

> at first it did n't occur to me why these were at all superior to regular envelopes . but after one use i get it.these have a flap where the pull of strip would be on a regular self adhesive envelope . when opened , the flap reveals the glue and the envelope closes with little effort . pair this with the security factor inside and these are very good to have .
= no icky glue to taste , no annoying strip to toss .
< good for the price

> i love this series ! ! mathewson will keep you laughing and entertained with this series . i love haley & jason 's story and all the antics that ensue with these two . mathewson is a great author & this series is amazing !
= neighbor
< love this series ! !

> these are comfortable and easy to use . i 've not had any leakage problems with these . the contoured plastic applicator makes for a gentle and comfortable insertion , very similar to my usual brand by playtex regular original easy glide .
= comfortable & easy to use !
< comfortable and easy to use

> funniest book ever..i thought wallbanger was a hilarious book ... this by far had me laughing so hard my family thought i was losing it . this is a must read book if you want to laugh out loud trust me ...
= freaking hilarious
< hilarious !

> this is the cutest story , i loved the characters and all of the excitement in it . it was short and sweet . an interesting storyline and great sex too . please read it will keep you focused .
= great read
< cutest story of the series

> even if you do n't need this cable now , you probably will , and at this price , you should order it now ! it works perfectly and the six-foot length makes it easy to use .
= extra length is always good
< works perfectly

> this book was a great read , second chances come along to love , reconnect , support , make hard decisions , choose the one you want to share life with . loved this book !
= great book , its a second chances ... .. , , , , ,
< great read !

> this is a great body wash. my kids and my husband all love it and smell great ! i highly recommend it !
= love the scent on my husband and sons
< great body body body body body body body body

> larson certainly knows how to write appealing non-fiction ! his prose flows easily , and with an alarming lack of citations , reads almost more like fiction than non-fiction . the book offers a look at hitler 's rise to power in germany through the eyes of the american ambassador and his family . larson captures germany fairly well through their perspective - and offers a picture of just how difficult life would be to be anyone in that time and place , as it is noted : `` we are living at present in a sea of denunciations and human meanness . `` it is impressive that larson includes mention of the insidious january 1 , 1934 law for the prevention of offspring with hereditary diseases - a frightening law that is so often overlooked in many overviews of the rise of immorality in the nazi government . this sterilization law was most certainly a brutally used one , and one that receives little mainstream attention . action t-4 , the extermination of so-called `` defectives '' is also mentioned , and while it would have been even more impressive to see more detail , it is pleasant to see it included at all in this view of the third reich . interestingly , the american ambassador notes that the animal cruelty laws during this time were strictly upheld and that it was easier to live as a dog or horse than a citizen under the nazi regime.overall , i did enjoy this book , and the extensive endnotes do somewhat compensate for the lack of in-text citations . larson included a surprising amount of the `` sex-capades '' of the ambassador 's daughter that served little purpose other than sensationalising the book as a whole . it is certainly a new angle on a very frequently covered topic , though , and while the end was quite disjointed , it was a fairly fascinating read .
= interesting angle
< a appealing non-fiction , but a bit too much of non-fiction

> this is the second novel in the three novel series by the late stieg larsson ( translated from the original swedish ) . to some extent , it builds on characters from the first novel , so the novels should be read in order . we have elite computer hacker lisbeth salander , aka `` wasp '' ( the `` girl '' of the title ) , who is keeping a list of `` people she should look into '' - she can do bad things to people who have offended her , and takes a special interest in men who have abused women . there is also a continuation of the second main character from the previous novel , investigative reporter mikael blumkvist.lisbeth has her own ideas of justice . she does not trust the police , and can become a dangerous loose cannon , so do n't get in her way . she is 4 feet 11 inches tall and weighs 90 pounds , so it is easy to underestimate her . do n't treat her like a child ( a very big mistake ) . if you try to treat her rough , a taser in the groin may be the least of your problems.there is an underlying story of an evil prostitution business using girls and younger women from eastern europe . that is what involves mikael . but there is a lot more to the story as things evolve . the ending , perhaps , does not completely wrap everything up , but there is the third novel in the series .
= do n't get on lisbeth 's list
< a great start to the series

> though i doubt this item will be liked my most american palates , i think overall the product is okay . this is a product of singapore . if you 're not all that fond of thai curry , then you probably wo n't care for this either . personally , i love thai curry a lot more than this.i do have a few `` issues '' with this product . first , there are `` leaves '' in the sauce , and they can be quite `` tough '' . you might want to strain them out . next , the sauce is quite `` oily '' . the first ingredient in the sauce is vegetable oil.one totally ridiculous thing is what they show as the serving size and servings per package . they show that the package serves 15 people and a serving size is two tablespoons . totally outrageous . the reason they do this is so that it makes the calories look low ( 110 per serving ) . the directions show to add 28oz of beef tenderloin , which is also crazy . one would never use such an expensive meat for a box mix such as this . beef stew meat works just fine . but based upon what the box shows as a serving size , then you would have less than 2oz per-person.i also think this item is quite expensive for what it is . also , i do n't think i 'd be interested in making this 4-times before the product expires .
= not great . .. and a bit expensive
< not bad , but not great

> i tried this chantea aloe vera green tea with a bit of trepidation . first off , have you ever accidentally tasted aloe vera ? i put it on burns and the liquid is beyond horrible , but i was a bit intrigued with the idea of this tea so i thought why not give it a try ... .so glad i did.likes : a really pleasant taste , that is not too sweet , just nicely so , it would be very refreshing over ice . i was n't quite sure about the idea of little chunks of aloe and they are good . now , i do like pulpy orange juice and bubble teas though , so a little chewy stuff in my beverage is not a problem for me . if you do n't like that whole `` texture '' in your beverage thing , you might want to pass , but i really liked it . no preservatives , real green tea infusion ... .all pluses in my book.dislikes : it has 120 calories per bottle ... .that 's really all i can come up with . i wish they had a diet version , maybe flavored with stevia for us calorie watchers . because it is 120 calories i wo n't indulge daily , but that is really the only drawback for me.overall , the passionfruit flavor was delicious and i would definitely purchase this and also be open to trying new flavors .
= surprisingly refreshing ... ..
< a pleasant taste , but not too sweet

> if you are a wizard of oz fan , you will probably enjoy oz the great and powerful . it opens in black and white the same way that twoo does and goes to color once in oz . the characters from the first one are tied to those in the second . the plot is a good preview of what came before twoo . the outline of picking up three creatures on the adventure parallels twoo . the thing that i do n't particularly like plotwise is that it makes a hero out of a con man . it might be a good role model if he changed his ways , but it looks like he continues to be a con man.the acting is okay . the mean witches both did respectable jobs . glinda the good witch was sort of flat for my taste . i think oz ( franco ) was theatrical , but the part called for it so that was okay . the supporting cast was great . the monkey and doll were cute . : ) anyway , the colors are eye popping . imagination runs wild . it 's a little bit violent for kiddies , but so is twoo . i found it a bit too childlike for my adult tastes and probably would n't watch it again , but i 'd recommend it for kids .
= good for kids ... sort of
< not bad , but not great

> i read `` fahrenheit 451 '' by ray bradbury a long while ago , but then i 've read it again and watched the movie i could n't say how many times . it 's one of those stories you can read , or view , over again . the story is placed in a futuristic society where books are banned and firemen set fire to them wherever they 're found . what brings this story back to prominence , for me anyway , is the gradual cessation of printing that has begun as a result of the evolution of electronics . and many schools are also no longer teaching children script . where might it all end . i remarked to a friend recently about just this situation and she responded with : `` i 'd create a suitable place within my basement to keep books safe '' . that is exactly the sense that one develops while reading `` fahrenheit 451 '' . the movie follows the book , however , i 'd read the story first . and one idea mr. bradbury had which has always provided me wonder is the memorizing of book contents . an idea that was copied in the movie `` the book of eli '' . mr. bradbury has always been a favorite of mine as has `` fahrenheit 451 '' .
= a great read and a prophesy too .
< a great movie , but ... .

> my dog had been eating natural balance sweet potato and fish dog food . it 's all the same sized , crunchy bits of food and he liked it very much . he really chows down on this beneful dog food though . it had different sized and different shaped pieces , some soft and some crunchy . however , i do n't think he noticed the various textures at all . he 's a big dog and eats a couple scoops a day . we did n't do a subtle switch by mixing more and more of the new food in with his old , we just started feeding him the new food in his usual portion . he did not have any dietary problems with the straight switch . everything was normal.what i really like about this dog food is the packaging . with other dog foods , we have to tear apart the bag and poor the food into another container with a lid . beneful has a ziploc-type closure . i do n't have to transfer the food and i can squeeze the extra air out of the bag as it empties so that the food will stay fresher . beneful is a win-win ; my dog and i both like it .
= my dog loves it
< my dog likes it

> okay so i 'm a little embarrassed to say i really liked this novel because at it 's heart it 's simply a big fat romance novel with a sci-fi twist . henry and claire are destined to be together . henry knows this because he can travel from the past to the present and back again . he meets claire when she is six , and again when she 's in her twenties.the narrative jumps from claire 's point of view to henry 's with their lives past and present playing out as henry travels through them . at the beginning of the book the device can be a little confusing as for example henry from the present talks with henry from the past , but by the time you 're half way through the book you get used to it much like claire must of with his constant disappearing and reappearing . it 's a big sweeping love story with two whip smart and engaging characters . if you 're a literary romantic , this could be what you 're looking for , and if not and time travel is your thing , i 'd break open the h.g . wells .
= time bending romance novel
< a literary romantic tale

> i really appreciate the fact that oxo took the time to read what people were saying about their product , and then took action to change it . that says a lot about their company and their customer service . i really do like these stainless steel measuring cups , they have very sturdy handles , and are heavy enough to know they are good quality . the rubber covered handles are great , because they do n't slip out of your hand , and they do n't bend either . however , i just wish they were a little longer , because when i have to reach into my flour canister when there is not a lot of flour left , i end up getting flour on my hands and knuckles , from the handles being short . however , that is not a big deal for me , the fact that they do n't bend is a much appreciated feature then anything else . so i applaud the oxo company for making these better then any other ones on the market and taking the time to listen to what their customers are saying .
= hooray for oxo !
< great for the price

> if you are looking for a light read , this may do the trick . just do n't go into this book expecting a serious read where you feel deep connections to the characters , or an abundance of emotions or excitement . it was a cute story , but pretty lame . you can tell from the get go exactly how this is going to play out ... .. like a cheap `` made for tv '' movie . it was cheesy , but there were a couple of cute moments . i 'm usually a sucker ( no pun intended ... ... .lol ) for a steamy read , but i just did n't feel any of the lust portrayed in this story . perhaps it 's because i did n't feel any connections to the characters ? i do n't know ? it just fell a little short in my opinion.how much did i pay : 3.99was it worth it : not to me , i found it a bit overpricedwill i recommend ? not for 3.99
= no great depth in this story , but ok for a light read
< not what i expected

> i do n't drink a lot of caffeinated beverages besides coffee and tea and then only about two cups a day . so when i saw this had caffeine in it i was n't that enthusiastic about it . however i figured a little caffeine might not be bad before a workout to give me an energy boost . it worked quite well actually . the world seemed a little brighter and my workout went better . there is 50 mg of caffeine in each scoop of fruit-flavored powder . the taste is good and sweet ( sweetened with sucralose ) and you only really need one scoop in a glass of water . my husband tried blending this with a chocolate protein shake and did n't think the flavors went well . he also made the mistake of taking this late at night once ! i forgot to warn him that there was caffeine in the powder . well we live and learn.~the rebecca review
= an energy boost !
< good taste , but not a good taste

> ... and for me , a bit too sweet . this is such a great concept , a bottle you can tuck in your purse or pocket and magically turn ordinary tap or bottled water into a tasty beverage . one quick squeeze delivers the right amount , but instead of refreshment , there is a cloying sweetness that does it 's best to bury the mango peachy taste . that , my friends , is a true shame , because the flavor itself is quite nice.the sweetness comes from sucralose , the 'splenda ' sweetener . i 'm not getting into the debate about sucralose , this is a review for a product that contains it , and most consumers have a viewpoint on it already . all i ask is , why must every artificially sweetened product be overly sweetened ? i believe the american palate is changing , and mio needs to catch up with us .
= mio ... how sweet it is ... .
< a bit too sweet ...

> i have horrible allergies to certain soaps and after showering generally break out in hives . then i discovered tree hut 's hawaiian kuku body wash and it was solved http : //www.amazon.com/tree-hut-moisturizing-shower-hawaiian/dp/b004xhx1pw/ so i was curious ... for a cheaper price , would the dove sensitive skin work as well ? well , it does work , but i admit it does n't compare at all to tree hut . yes , i did n't break out in hives , so that 's definitely good . but it was n't particularly moisturizing or as luxurious as tree hut.so if you do n't mind paying the same price for 8 ounces less ; go for the tree hut . if you want something cheaper and are desperate for something to stop the itchy craziness after a shower , then go for the dove . it works , it smells good and your skin will thank you for it !
= good , but a bit pricey for what you get
< works well , but does n't compare to tree hut

> i really enjoyed the ( alas , all too small ) sample of newman 's own organics dark chocolate provided to me by the amazon vine program . make no mistake , it 's a serious , rich , and elegant chocolate , perfect for those times when you want something better than the goodies on the rack next to the register at the supermarket . but more playful adjectives , like `` yummy '' and `` scrumptious '' also came to mind while enjoying it.i do n't eat many sweets and desserts these days , so when i do i make sure it 's the good stuff . and this complex , nuanced ( yes , yes -- and yummy , too ) dark chocolate certainly qualifies . with this new addition to its product line , newman 's own continues its reputation for delicious , healthful , and environmentally responsible food products .
= another home run for newman 's own
< newman 's own continues

> this was a surprise to me when i opened the little can of sardines . each was firm and fully packed with fresh flavor . we shared the can of goodies and left fully satisfied . our regular sardine menu is rather sparse and quite selective . add king oscar to the mix and we will be happy . the extra virgin olive oil only adds to the taste and is not overburdened either . missing from our platter were the smushed and less than whole sardines probably due to the manner in which the can was packed . all too often sardines are packed so tight that to get them out they must be smushed but not these . they were whole and that just makes for a nice platter of little fishes . this will be a new entry in our menu system and we look forward to them .
= these are absolutely wonderful tasting
< sardines

> please meet eddie , an 83 year old gentleman who , for years , has been the chief of maintenance at the ruby pier amusement park . eddie 's just a regular guy who has questioned himself & his long life more than once.has eddie lived his entire life without having any impact on anyone ? has he never really positively touched someone 's life ? what was his purpose on earth ? mr . albom gives us , as individuals , some food for thought in this story . more than a novel , we can look at ourselves , as well.the book is a page turner and very difficult to put down . not lengthy , yet very poignant and very touching.the climax in the ending comes on the very last page , and is excellent , as well as the epilogue . do n't pass this one by .
= bittersweet , poignant , touching , excellent
< a page turner

> this dinner in a box is basically a hamburger helper-style cheesy macaroni . it comes with pasta , spices , and cheese- you add the hamburger . it can all be cooked in one pan , which is a definite plus , and it is definitely a quick and easy meal . those are the positives . i was n't nearly as pleased with the results as i was with the process . the resulting concoction was was very greasy , and did n't have much flavor . i used extra lean beef , so i do n't think the meat was the issue . i had previously tried the chicken and broccoli cheesy skillet , and that one was good , and did n't have a grease problem . i 'd buy that one again , but i 'm steering clear of this variety .
= too greasy
< cheesy macaroni

> i had no intention of watching any of the twilight movies , but a co-worker loaned it to me and i watched . it 's a good story , and robert pattinson did n't disappoint . kristen stewart , who first impressed me in `` panic room '' , has not realized her potential . she overacts mercilessly . the weak link.the filmmakers ' efforts to realize this pop-culture phenomenon are to be commended ; fine production values throughout . pattinson is really good , belying his stiff and uncomfortable appearances on talk shows , etc . i expected more from stewart . she showed such potential in fincher 's film.with 1000 amazon reviewers posting , this will never be read , but i felt compelled to add my humble opinion . this first of the series was actually quite smart , and well presented .
= what 's the fuss ?
< good story , but not great

> i like inspiring films when they are not too mushy . thank goodness this is the case with this film , which is not afraid to show some rougher parts of michael oher 's life , such as his past , his mother , and his worthless neighbors . big mike has no home and is not doing well with high school until a woman and her family take him in and treat him like an adopted son . he is encouraged to play football , gets a good tutor , and ... well , i would not want to ruin what happens . let 's just say that good things do happen and there truly are some decent and honorable people still left in the world . refreshing .
= inspiring true story but not mushy
< refreshing

> from the opening scene with pitt and jolie and the unseen therapist , it was clear that this movie was going to be a cut above the unsual far . it did not dissapoint . sharp , witty , smart writting , excellent performances . the movie is like an extended metaphor for the trails and tribulations of modern marriage . fortunately it does not lay message on too thickly . this movie is not original , the original one was made in 1941.p.s . what ever happen to the `` steamy sex scene ' with brad pitt and jolie . was it censored ? the movie will do way better with that scene !
= sharp , witty , excellent
< a classic

> the convenience of pop-up post-it notes wherever you want them ! i 've always liked the pop up type of post-its and this makes it even more convenient because it does n't have to be sitting on a flat surface ( desk , table , etc. ) . the mounting tapes are very strong and easy enough to remove . this is perfect for mounting by the phone , on the fridge or on a wall next to your desk . the fact that it holds a pen makes it even better . i 'll probably pick up a few more for other areas of the house and office.great product !
= love it !
< great for the phone !

> when autistic 15-year-old christopher boone is wrongly accused of killing a frikkin ' poodle , he decides to employ techniques of sherlock holmes ' to track down the killer himself . in the process , difficult for anyone , but imagine trying to do it when you 're autistic , he finds it necessary to navigate the emotional complexities of a social world that requires what must feel to him like swimming in molasses . from this improbable and potentially confusing premise comes a completely original work in a unique and compelling literary voice.watch for this mark haddon guy ; he 's going places .
= autistic 15yo masquerades as sherlock holmes
< a unique and compelling literary voice.watch

> the ample sized mug does not get too hot to touch - thanks to the double wall . the silicon lid is very easy to clean and very durable . i love being able to tether the tea bag , squeeze the bag ( without getting my fingers burned ! ) and having a place to rest the bag when i 'm done . since my hot water dispenser died , i 've been microwaving my hot water for tea and i love using this microwaveable mug . just an ingenius system . i love it .
= brilliant idea - works great
< love it !

> gees it was so hard to rate this book ! ! ! i would have given it a solid 4 if the author did n't drag the story out for over 60 % of the book ! ! ! it was so slow ! ! ! and when it started to get really good , cliffhanger ! ! ! ! i 'm really getting tired of authors writing shorter books , adding fluff , getting us hooked at the end , just so we buy the next book ! !
= good but takes awhile before anything really happens
< so hard to rate this book ! ! !

> i ordered these hoping they would provide what they promised since i 'm tired of paying a lot more for name brand cables pushed by retail stores . i am happy to report that this cable did a great job when used in our home theater.this cable was tested for its ethernet and audio return capabilities and succeeded . i can not attest to its 3d capability since i do not have a 3d tv.this hdmi cable makes life easier and the price makes it even sweeter .
= solid choice at bargain price
< great cable

> i must say that at first use , these tabs were much thicker than i though they would be . however , they work extremely well and are easy to reuse as described . the strings are rather strong and i 've loved using them to reaffix things to my refrigerator without the distraction of magnets.the tabs have also been really useful for my son to decorate many things without my being concern about the damage.i really like them and they worked as advertised in my hands .
= strong and easy to reuse
< great for my son

> this book is one of my favorites of 2013. the book is so much more than you expect . it has a lot of ups and downs and so many nooooooo moments . i loved all the characters . looking forward to the next book . there is no cliffhanger in this book . the writing is fantastic and not rushed which i really enjoy , no boring bits either ! !
= 5 stars easily earned !
< one of my favorites

> what a grand finale ! this last book of the trilogy is the best book yet . kellan and kiera are finally a couple . after all they have been through , the real test now begins as kellan 's fame begins to climb . they have to hold fast to their love and trust through deceit , treachery , and the pressures of fame . definitely recommended !
= worth the wait !
< another great book !

> oh holy hell . a huge cliff hanger . damn you cassia leo ! ! ! this book takes off where the last one left us . claire is torn between an old flame ( chris ) and a new love ( adam ) . i ca n't wait for the next book
= love triangle
< cliff hanger

> i just love rush ! ! ! ca n't stand bitch nan though and what a cliffhanger ! ! ! ! thank god book 2 is already out , i do n't think i could have waited for the rest of their story ! ! ! ! ! #
= what a cliffhanger ! ! !
< rush crush

> oh boy , jesse is something else . this is a dramatic , intense , sexy book . it is hot in sex department , and crazy in the love departments . wow ! !
= this man
< wow !

> i was so excited to finally read this part two of emily 's story . it had a very exciting plot and a happy ending .
= a finale at last
< good story

> in one of the more interesting hybrids to pop out of disney , nicholas cage plays ben franklin ... gates that is , a treasure hunter spanning the globe to prove the family story about a missing treasure guarded for centuries by the knights templar and freemasons . if you 're looking for plausibility or realism , you 're in the wrong place . but if you want a pop-corn thrill ride where no-one curses and there never seems to be any real danger , climb aboard.jerry bruckheimer , say what you want about him , knows how to make a movie go pop . the action here is almost non-stop , the jokes and asides are often clever , and the cast has enough chemistry that the non-action sequences do n't drag . jon turteltaub directs with a steady hand , as the whole movie , at two hours , rushes by at lightening speed . it 's a snappy enough pace that you do n't question little things , like 200 year old ropes that still hold or being able to steal the declaration of independence.nicholas cage leads the likable band of thieves , but special note is given to justin bartha , who plays sidekick riley , and to the early cameo by christopher plummer , who plays cage 's grandfather at the beginning of the film . the both take otherwise easily forgettable roles and make them perfect . cage plays bf gates like a slightly less charming indiana jones ( or a skinnier tom hanks inthe da vinci code ) , both films providing the sanitized source material for `` national treasure . `` so relax , grab the popcorn and let the kiddies join you . `` national treasure '' is a friendly film where the villains are evil but not deadly , the heroes are lovable yet chaste , and everybody has a happy ending ... even if riley has to settle for 1 % .
= davincianda jones and the freemasons of doom
< a friendly film

> this is probably the best book i have read since the devil in the white city . i could n't put it down and it has all the elements i look for in a good book ! mikhael bloomvist ( excuse me if i misspell any names because they are all swedish ) is in a desperate spot and then asked by a wealthy elderly industrialist ( henrik vanger ) to solve a 40 year old mystery around the disappearance of his granddaughter ( harriet vanger ) . mikhael does n't realize what he bargained for when he agrees . as the story unfolds we start to learn little tidbits of the vanger family involving secrets , jealousy , hate etc . that is was more intriguing than the collins family was in the old dark shadows tv show.eventually , mikhael needs to call on the services of salander a punk rockish type of computer hacker who is an entire story all by herself . as mikhael and salander start coming up with new clues , bad things happen . along with the danger of unraveling the mystery , mikhael faces jail time for a problem that occurred with an enemy of the vangers and the possible collapse of his publishing company ( millenium ) .this was a book that i did not want to end but i noted on the jacket that the author wrote two more forthcoming books just before his unfortunate death and they will be coming out this year so i will eagerly look for them .
= i would give it six stars if it were allowed !
< best book i have read since the devil in the white city

> i started reading king as a kid in the early 1970 's - often bleary-eyed the morning after because i had stayed up half the night - often reading under the covers with a flashlight so my parents did n't catch me . when king is great there is a kind of `` horror immersion '' that takes place , and i particularly loved his long epic pieces like the stand . i would be at the bookstore the day any new king novel was released . sometimes his work could seem a little `` stephen king formulaic '' - but just when you thought maybe he had lost it - he reinvents himself either in the horror and suspense realm - or sometimes simply through great writing and storytelling , ala ' the green mile.in 11/22/63 king once again shows the reader he is the master , transporting us to a new time and place . combine time travel with the kennedy assasination , throw in a love story , and you have pretty much covered all the bases for a compelling novel . like most king books we begin in maine , but end up in texas tracking lee harvey oswald . a big book - it is lighter on king 's trademark horror and more about compelling storytelling . it flattens a bit in the middle as our hero spends what seems like too much time just tracking oswald , but overall a great read and one of the best king books in years !
= king reinvents himself again
< king is back !

> this book is just beautiful.the hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet by jamie ford is the story of two children during wwii . henry lee is chinese . keiko is japanese . although henry is hesitant at first to be friends with a japanese girl , keiko soon wins him over with her sweet personality and big brown eyes . in the midst of their blossoming romance , keiko and her family are sent to an interment camp for `` their safety '' . henry is left confused and heart broken . keiko is american . he can see that . why ca n't anyone else ? his father is very adamant in his hatred towards the japanese . henry is left to struggle with his love for his family and his love for keiko . will they be able to keep their romance blooming while she is gone ? will his parents ever accept her ? henry is also left to deal with the discrimination of being an asian american during a very turbulent time in american history . all he wants is to be with keiko , listening to the jazz music they love and watching her draw . but society and his family has other plans for them.this book really is a mixture of `` bitter and sweet '' . i cried at the end , not sure if they were tears of sadness or happiness or just plain relief that their struggles were over.ca n't recommend this book enough !
= the perfect mix of bitter and sweet..
< a sweet and sweet read !

> originally written in 1937 by j.r.r . tolkien , & quot ; the hobbit & quot ; is the first of a series of books that constitute tolkien 's legacy , one which , like many other literary masterpieces , has stood the test of time . the hobbit of the story , bilbo baggins , is forced to face his destiny by the wizard gandalf ; one that gradually gains him the respect of his companions ( thirteen dwarves , along with the wizard ) and many other characters in a year-long adventure through the dangers of facing the meanest creatures and walking through the most adverse places.ultimately , the tapestry of events which tolkien brilliantly weaves around bilbo and his friends confront him with smaug , the terrible dragon who has long seized the dwarves ' treasure . only the combination of luck , intelligence and a courage which he never thought he had , help bilbo to sort through all he 's faced with to come out as a better being , one that can see beyond the blindness that greed brings into smaller spirits ( not necessarily because it affects dwarves more than it affects others in the story ) . it is there where the true greatness and universal character of the story lies.the best thing about tolkien 's fantasy books is that you can relate to them in so many ways that they no longer seem so distant from what could actually occur to you .
= a fantasy that shows the greatness of good spirits ...
< the hobbit

> rome is the third book in the marked man series and it follows the story of cora lewis a sassy little firecracker who is friends with basically everyone and rome archer a soldier and the eldest of the archer brothers who came back from his last tour in army.rome was always the protector of his family and friends . but all the time he stayed in the army left him with scars . demons . memories . bad dreams.he was broken , angry , lost , confused . he needed someone to snap him out of his state . and that was what cora did . she brought life in his dark life with her sassiness , wittiness , vividness and strength . she basically brought colors in his life.i love the banter between the all characters and all of them are simply likable and lovable and will just leap from the pages and straight into the readers hearts.in a heartbeat i definitely recommend this book and all the previous books in the series to anyone who loves to read the stories about love , loss and friends that stick around through it all.love it ! ! ! simple as that. & # 8807 ; & # 9684 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9684 ; & # 8806 ; 5 & # 10032 ; read & # 8807 ; & # 9673 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9673 ; & # 8806 ;
= love it ! ! !
< simple as that.

> oh my freaking god - this book is wonderful & terrible at the same time ! could n't put it down , ca n't stop thinking about it days later ! brooke 's best friend commits suicide & that begins brooke 's spiral of guilt for not getting beth help . brooke also messed around with beth 's boyfriend which makes her an awful friend . brooke seeks revenge by going after cal , the boy who raped beth & drove her into depression . brooke uncovers a game these high school boys are playing , earning points by getting girls to provide them sexual favors , but beth knows they 've taken the game to extremes . she is in serious danger as the boys find out she is messing up their game . my stomach dropped when they try to serious hurt her in the pool & she still does n't back down . all the time brooke has been flirting with the boy of her dreams who has no idea of her plan for revenge & the danger she 's in . ryan loves her & their chemistry is incredibly hot - you 'd never know they kids are only 18 from the juicy details of their romance . suicide & rape , orgasms & lust , panic attacks & therapy , revenge & friendship & passionate love ... and video games ! just read the dang book already ! : )
= amazing story !
< loved ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> this is a novel told completely through a series of letters . the book is set in the post wwii time period in england and centers around journalist and author juliet , who wrote a series of articles in an upbeat style throughout the war that were made into a book . as she looks for her next subject , she receives a letter from a man on the island of guernsey who by chance found her name in a used book , asking her for help to find more books by the author , charles lamb . her curiosity piqued , she writes back and slowly learns of the deprivations and courage of the islanders who were occupied by germany during the war . juliet is drawn more and more to the people there and the epicenter of their survival seems to be a woman named elizabeth , who was arrested and taken away from the island . juliet begins to work on a novel and realizes elizabeth is the key . while a `` quiet '' novel overall , the stories of the times during the war tell of much suffering , bravery , and sacrifice . it is a wonderful historical fiction and i had a hard time putting it down .
= letters from the survivors of occupied guernsey
< a wonderful historical fiction

> iron man is an awesome film with great special effects ! everybody did a great job and all the actors were casted perfectly . a billionaire inventor named tony stark is held hostage in afghanistan for months because terrorists want him to build a bomb . instead , he builds an armor suit so he can escape . he is rescued and and while he is back home , he tries to reinvent the suit . he makes it and tries to figure out how to work it . his sexy beautiful personal assisstant , pepper potts does n't really him to do it , because she thinks he might die , but he tells her that he must do it to save lives . i love all of iron man 's gadgets . soon , some military people think iron man is a threat , so tony asks his friend lieutenant colonel james rhodes to stop the planes from trying to kill him . his other friend , obadiah stane betrays him and builds his own iron suit . if you love action , and comic book movies , you 'll love iron man ! ! !
= another awesome marvel comic flick ! ! !
< iron man is awesome ! ! !

> i was pleasantly surprised by how much i liked this . truthfully at first i was unsure . the writing felt familiar somehow . but then i did n't care because i was really getting into the story . lucas was the biggest cold jerk in the beginning and even though he is sinful i wanted to shake some kind of emotion into him ( other smugness or coldness ) . but this story quickly heated up and i loved all the sexual tension . i loved when si gave in finally . the band mates were interesting but there was n't much of them in this book . it would have been great to have a little more interaction with them . the ending was done in a way that left things open . i loved the music video that lucas made though at the end . that was pretty cool . so will the next book be about lucas and si or will be about the other band mates ? all i know is that i be waiting to grab that one when its available .
= love rockers !
< pleasantly surprised

> the pop up tape dispenser is such a simple thing yet it 's amazing at the same time.the rubber band that wraps around your hand is comfortable . it 's not too tight and stretchy enough that it would fit a wide range of hand sizes.the tape pops up on alternate sides ( similar to how pop up post-its come out of that dispenser ) .i have n't had any issues with it jamming or with too many pieces coming out at once . one piece of precut tape is always ready . you slide one side to open the dispenser and the pad of tape slides right in.it is perfect for projects using a lot of tape ( craft projects , wrapping presents , etc ) especially when you need two hands.my only concerns are availability and price of refills . it would be well worth the price to pay for refills around christmas time but i 'm not sure i would pay that much for day to day use when i can use inexpensive rolls of tape .
= where was this when i was wrapping presents ?
< great for projects

> do n't get me wrong , i loved the first two books ! first , they did n't get to the beef of the story until the middle of the book . you only saw the meeting/seeing of her half-brother once ? ? the threat or danger to her was at the end . i guess it was really no build up to the danger . do n't get me wrong because the scene was excellent in the story when it happen just no build up ? ? ? and too many characters added to make it look like a spin off is coming soon . i did n't care about all those characters . i guess i was expecting one thing and got another . but they lived happily ever after was there . the first two books got me so excited that i could n't wait for the last book . it was kind of let down . ( sorry ) but i still love james and bianca love story .
= it 's a 3 1/2 stars ... ...
< loved it !

> i was a bit skeptical about the raspberry and chipotle peppers combination , but this sauce definitely exceeded my expectations ! i tried it as a dip - took a pack of cream cheese , poured the sauce over it , mashed a little bit , and ate with triscuits - and it was absolutely delicious ! it would be great with any type of meat , i personally tried it on chicken . the first time around i marinated the chicken in the sauce and then threw it on the grill . the second time i just made some holes in the chicken with a fork , poured the sauce over it , and stuck it in the oven . either way , the chicken came out very good . if you like a raspberry vinaigrette type dressing , this sauce would work well as a dressing too . i highly recommend this chipotle sauce , you will not be disappointed !
= surprisingly good , very versatile
< delicious !

> i 've had red bull , monster lo carb , and five hour energy before . they all seem more or less alike to me . each has a somewhat medicinal taste and gives me a bit of a boost for a few hours . no fear energy drink is comparable . the flavor of this one is fruitier than red bull or monster lo carb , but it still has a distinctly medicinal and somewhat bitter taste behind the initial sweetness . the can contains two servings , but there is no way to preserve the carbonation once it 's open . so you 're getting a double dose whether you like it or not.i have n't seen this in stores in my area . i might try it again if i come across it , depending on how it 's priced compared to the similar products out there .
= another energy drink
< not bad , but not great

> as far as i can tell , these aremr . clean magic eraserscut to look like whiteboard erasers , with blue foam handles . they work well , but not better than my old tool , paper towels plus 409 cleaning spray.what 's good : - these look great standing next to my whiteboards and markers.- they work great . dry , they erase fresh whiteboard marker ink , but leave some marks if i use them on month old , dried on ink . with a little water , they work on that dried on ink , and on permanent marker.what could be better : - mostly , these are pricey , especially compared to the alternatives . dry , they do n't work much better than a regular reusable eraser , and wet , they work about as well as a paper towel and cleaning spray .
= magic eraser plus handle = nice but unneccesary
< great for whiteboards and whiteboards

> whoa ! ! what a tender silk shave ! ! i do not remember all the details about why this razor is so good ... something like five blades , and shaving on flat skin while handle stays straight , etc ... .all i know is it gives a great ... did i say 'great ' shave . silky smooth you are looking for ? ? silky smooth is what you get with this razor and water activates the lubricant on the razor edge . it glides over your skin like a butterfly . be smooth and silky this summer ... you will want to rub the skin surface over and over ... and over again . my razor came from amazon so you can get yours there too and they do fast shipping.schick hydro silk disposable razor , 3 count
= schick hydro silk disposable razor
< what ' shave

> my husband and i argue over water frequently . he ca n't understand why i buy bottled spring water instead of drinking our local tap water . on this water , however , we managed to agree quite well . for the price , it should contain some secret elixir . the big additive ... .basically a bit of baking soda . baking soda does work for settling stomach upsets , but you could save a ton of money mixing some into a bottle of spring water or glass of tap water yourself . i 'm not sure of the advantage of 9.5 ph , i do wonder if that is just another marketing concept . i 'm going to stick to my bottled spring water , it has no after taste and is much more reasonably priced .
= i 'm not buying it
< not sure about the price

> i use reusable shopping bags and produce bags ( chicobag ) . there is no doubt that i use many fewer `` disposable '' bags because of this . i also use bpa free plastic containers for lunch items , but sandwiches are not the perfect item for these containers ... a lot of wasted air space . so i wanted to try out these reusable sandwich bags , mine with a cat in the hat pattern . the claim is that these bags are pvc , bpa , phthalate , vinyl and lead free . that is important , but i am taking their word for it . these bags clean easily , the zipper works well , and i probably need more than one.live sustainably.added 5/14 : still in daily use one year later !
= bottom line ... you will use fewer plastic sandwich or snack bags
< works well , but not great

> this drink has a good flavor but i find myself using two squeezes per 8 oz of water as opposed to the one that they suggest . i do n't know if it is just me or what , but it tastes way to watered down otherwise - more like gatorade i suppose . i do notice a slight energy kick to it - different from caffeinated soda.i can only really compare this to mio as i have not had anything else that is comparable.1.the packaging on this is much larger . with mio you only get 1.62 oz and with vitamin squeeze you get 12 oz.2.this you have to refrigerate after opening and with mio , you don't.3.this bills itself as an energy drink with caffeine , vitamins and electrolytes , mio does not .
= somewhat comparible to mio but much larger packaging and more benefits .
< good flavor but not a good flavor

> libby day is both victim and predator -- depending on which side of the fence you are on . when she is seven-years-old her brother kills her family . libby is the only survivor and swears it was her brother who did the murders.years later , emotionally stunted and scared , libby is drawn to find out the truth . someone actually convinces her she might have been mistaken . libby reluctantly begins to search for the real facts.gillian flynn has written a well-paced , psychological thriller that this reader could not put down . the characters are chillingly depicted , and the scenes are set to make the hair stand up on the back of your neck.a highly recommended read.diane davis whiteauthor , moon of the falling leaves
= hair raising suspense
< the falling leaves the falling leaves the falling leaves the heart

> an extraordinary novel that shows us the south that existed several decades ago through the eyes of a child . scout finch 's world is full of wonder and mystery . when her father , the lawyer atticus finch , takes the case of a black man who has been falsely accused of raping a white woman , she begins to see and understand both the ugliness that exists in the world and the meaning of true heroism . harper lee 's novel must be one of the most perceptive narratives from the viewpoint of a child ever written .
= deservedly considered an american classic
< the viewpoint of the viewpoint

> psycho is the ultimate horror movie . it allows viewers to use their imaginations . our imaginations will make the killings a lot worse , than if alfred hitchcock were to show us what happened . with awesome camera angles that add to the horrific effect and draw us in , psycho hits the top 100 list with a bang . if you liked the plot of obsession , sex , and violence in hitchcock 's second greatest film , i must recommend everyone see hitchcock 's greatest film of all time : vertigo . jimmy stewart rocks !
= excellent horror film !
< hitchcock 's best

> this water tastes like distilled water with a pinch of baking soda . i found it to have a slight aftertaste - mainly on the sides of my tongue . i drank it before and during my work out and i did not notice any particular difference in hydration or thirst . at a little over two bucks for a 1.5 liter bottle - delivered with prime - the price is not bad ( if you are ok with the taste ) . but i am a bit skeptical of the sweeping health claims .
= has an aftertaste for me
< tastes like distilled water with a pinch

> i saw this at the theatre knowing nothing about it . i did n't see the trailers . so for me i was thinking that it really was a story about the rescue of some soldiers and the mystery surrounding their disappearance.believe me , when the movie turned , that turn made it all the more enjoyable in a way that ca n't be repeated . even so , this is a movie that passed the & quot ; repeat viewing & quot ; test .
= one of arnolds best .
< a movie that passed the more enjoyable

> it 's hard to believe this is diana gabaldon 's first novel . the writing style draws you in and you forget you are reading until you have to turn the page . like listening to juicy , satisfying gossip . not at all your typical romance novel , even makes a red-headed hero believable and sexy . be careful who you loan this book to , mine have gone `` missing '' more than once .
= addictive
< a great read

> simple story - reid is an mma fighter nursing a bad shoulder & comes to see old family friend lucie for therapy . reid agrees to teach lucie how to seduce a doctor she has a crush on . vanilla romance , very sexy but nothing kinky . but still a very solid book & characters drew me in with their passion .
= lucie & reed
< simple story

> ryan is rich and i a completely different world than danny . on a chance meeting , ryan becomes intrigued . after a bumpy start , they mesh rather well.this story shows that two people from totally different sides of the `` social scene '' can meet in the middle and share something extraordinary . great read .
= review for off sides ... .
< a great read

> i was pleasantly surprised by this book very different from the other book i have read by this author . i do n't want to give anything away but the subject matter is not for the faint of heart
= emotional rollercoaster
< pleasantly surprised

> i do n't know what took me so long to start reading this book but once i started i just had to finish and finish quickly . this has all the aspects of a really great story .
= had it all
< great story

> i stopped this before i got 1/4 into it . also noted lately , on the internet , that it is one of the worst movies made and how mortified the actors were to be in it .
= no
< i 'm a fan of the movie

> i read this whole series and really enjoyed this book . the plot was well done and the characters continued trying to find their way in this book and ultimately succeeded . great end to the series .
= i really liked it .
< great end to the series

> scotch magic tape is excellent for all sorts of uses . i work in a school and the uses of this tape are limitless ! !
= excellent ! !
< great for all sorts of uses

> ever look around you and see zombies shambling about ? ever look in the mirror and see a zombie staring back at you ? well , shaun of the dead is for you ! other than office space , i have n't seen many movies that capture our inhuman , workaday condition as well as this one does . imagine going through the motions of life , year after dreadful year , until one day the world is inundated by zombie flesheaters . now , imagine yourself not noticing the holocaust , due to your own zombie-like deadness ! that 's what the title character does , wandering through his daily rituals , oblivious to the carnage and chaos swirling around him ! shaun eventually wakes up after a `` drunk '' gal in his back yard turns out to be a re-animated corpse , hungry for shaun 's body mass ! together with his housemate , ed , shaun sets out on a mission to save his mum and ex-girlfriend from the cadaverous onslaught . shaun must take control and use his wits for what appears to be the first time in his life . he must battle both the zombie horde and the idiocy of ed ! can this simple nobody be the warrior / savior of his friends ? can he stand against the terror while everyone around him falls apart ? this movie lampoons the zombie film , while skewering the routines we find ourselves in . it takes a normal guy like shaun and tosses him into the shark tank of the unknown . it 's also hysterically funny ! i laughed from start to finish , even though there are some truly horrifying moments sprinkled in . the gore-factor is high , and the story is great . the best zombie parody since dead alive ! highly recommended ...
= dead routine ...
< the best zombie parody since dead alive !

> i will start this off by saying i am a huge fan of this series and was so excited to find out this book came out early . i am very stingy with my 5 star reviews but i really think this one deserves it . this is the story of asher cooper and chelcie . in this book we see how ash is dealing with his brother zachariah 's death . asher keeps seeming to spiral and dee knows the one bright spot that might help him get through this is if chelcie tells ash she is pregnant with zach 's baby . the only problem is ash is right now an alcoholic and she is attracted to him . one she wants him sober to she wants him to want her for her not because she is carrying his brothers baby . this book was amazing it has ups and downs through out it for quite a bit of the book i kept waiting for the other shoe to fall because it seemed like things were running to smoothly . that is all i will say on that because i want you to read for yourself all the twists . this was another amazing hit by this author that i would recommend to anyone and everyone . i thought it was an amazing book and it captivated me from the first word till the very end . if you have not started this series start it immediately they are all amazing if you have not picked up this book in the series do so now you will not be disappointed . this book can be read as a stand alone but there are parts that will be a little confusing if you have not read the series .
= so so good
< another amazing book by asher cooper

> for a description of the plot , etc. , read other reviews . i just want to give a few thoughts on this classic movie ... i saw casablanca for the first time about a month and a half ago when it was being shown at an old theater in my hometown for a reasonable $ 4.00 charge . it was one of those creepy old theaters ( built in 1928 ) where an organist plays before the movie starts and again during the half hour intermission halfway through the movie . seeing it in an old theater like this added to the overall experience of going through a time warp . this classic movie from 1942 stars humphrey bogart and ingrid bergman . i give this movie 4 stars . i like ingrid bergman as an actress . she was good in just about everything she did . when it comes to humphrey bogart , he was good , but i think he 's overrated . he 's always ranked the # 1 leading man of all time in the history of movies . i personally disagree with this , but that 's just my opinion . he should be ranked no higher than third . in my opinion , the # 1 leading man actor of all time is cary grant , with jimmy stewart coming in a strong second.casablanca is certainly a classic and has some of the most memorable lines in movie history . i do n't think it 's as good as some other classic movies from that era that are ranked lower , but you might disagree.i recommend casablanca to all fans of classic movies . it 's worth seeing at least once .
= big time classic
< a classic

> there have been a few really great adaptations of king for the screen ( `` misery '' & `` the shining '' , to name a couple ) . still , the two best , both about prisons and both written & directed by frank darabont have to be `` the green mile '' and `` the shawshank redemption '' . both were also nominated for best picture and screenplay , but not director ( another oscar travesty ) . `` shawshank '' was a slight novella by king , and darabont turned it into a 142 minute narrative that never fails to draw the viewer in deeper with every frame . the new 2-disc dvd is fine , though the 2nd disc has some repetitive interviews . how darabont managed to take the grim story about a seemingly hopeless bunch of individuals and turn it into a film of hope , renewal and conscience ... as well as a good smattering of justice ... still amazes me . i am not the least bit surprised that this is considered among the best screenplays of all time . morgan freeman , tim robbins , bob gunton , gil bellows and all the rest were perfect . the editing in particular was layered in a way where the very talky script never got tired . this is a film all should see , if only to know that if you have patience and keep your wits , anyone can survive the most dire circumstances . this is a wonderful film experience . all credit should go to frank darabont .
= stephen king & frank darabont ... great combination !
< a great film

> a big summer movie that delivers : high-dollar mayhem with a sense of humor.i 've heard people complain about the ending but i liked it . not what i thought was going to happen ( it also breaks a hollywood screenwriting rule by taking the fate of the story away from the protagonist/hero -- but , hey , we did n't come to see john connor , did we ? so who is the real hero here ? ) .it also fun to see winks at the earlier films . arnold 's terminator showing up at a chippendale 's show , the traumatized psychologist from t2 getting traumatized again , etc.the terminatrix is coldly beautiful and i hope they actually make a robot like her someday ( just do n't give her a gigantic death star-sized laser cannon for a right arm and we 'll get along fine ) .why was n't edward furlough on board for this ? he probably still looks like a kid.the dvd is worth seeing for a scene that should 've been in the movie : the hilarious & quot ; sgt . candy scene. & quot ; why was this cut ? it would 've provided one of the biggest laughs in the movie , as well as explained a few details for the first two movies . thank god for dvds.for everyone quibbling that this is n't up to the first two movies : & quot ; talk to the hand. & quot ;
= cats and dogs , living together
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i was n't sure if i was gon na care for this or not but i 'm pleased to say that i actually like it quite a bit . i only drink plain water . i ca n't stand flavored water . i do n't even like lemon in my water . i 've tried crystal light before and did n't care for it . this , i really enjoyed.i 'm dieting and basically the only thing that i drink day in and day out is plain water and black coffee to save on calories . i like sweet tea quite a bit but for whatever reason , every time i make it at home over the past few years it seems to give me a sore throat . this little bottle has now given me another option . it tastes great . it actually tastes like a jug of sweet tea that i would purchase from the grocery store but it has no calories.my only complaint would be that i 'm not big on the way that it squirts out . you have to really give it a good squeeze and make sure it 's at a tilted angle to avoid squirting it out of the cup with it 's powerful blast.overall i really like this sweet tea flavor and i would recommend it to anybody who like sweet tea and especially if you are watching your calories .
= quite impressed ...
< great flavor

> spoiler alerti & # 8217 ; ve known the broad outline of jane eyre & # 8217 ; s plot for a long time , of course , but that never made me want to read the book . tragic orphan , cruel boarding school , fiercely brooding rochester , mad wife in the attic , etc , etc . it all sounded overblown , almost ridiculously gloomy , and far too melodramatic for my taste . then i read the book and , wow , after ( for me ) a slow start it wasn & # 8217 ; t what i anticipated at all.i did not expect the wonderful relationship between rochester and jane , with mutual respect and lots of playful , witty banter . i did not expect the harrowing terror i felt when jane flees rochester & # 8217 ; s house after the big reveal , on her own and without resources . but the biggest difference between my anticipation and reality is that i in no way expected that what would really make the book for me is jane herself . to say she is spunky is not right , but she is smart , lively , principled , and determined . her first person narration lays open her heart in a way that captured my mine , and her life journey moved me more than i would ever have guessed .
= not what i expected
< a

> i work in a bakery and have a tendency to wipe my hands on my apron quite a bit which means there are often greasy , chocolaty stains on my apron and coat and some sort of weird transfer from the metal pans that never wants to come off . i had high hopes that these would be the miracle stain-release product i was looking for to keep my coats and aprons white but , sadly , it was n't . i ran a couple of different loads of wash with this product , heavily-soiled kitchen clothes and a load of everyday wear , lightly-soiled clothing . the lightly-soiled load came out clean but i did n't notice much , if any , difference from washing without the tide stain release . the heavily-soiled load was definitely not as clean as i would have liked and i have had much better success -- read cleaner laundry -- with oxiclean 's powder that i add with my regular detergent . i found this to be pretty heavily fragranced which was also a major detractor . i have no children and can not attest to how well these would clean their soiled clothes but as far as getting my kitchen clothing clean i was not satisfied and wo n't be purchasing this item in the future .
= not so tough on my stains . . .
< not as good as the tide stain

> first off , ordered 2 different types of these switch drinks and they all literally have the same ingredients , albeit 1 or 2 slight differences . they both begin with : 'filtered sparkling water sufficient to reconstitute juice concentrates ' ... what ? not to mention , the first 2 main ingredients are apple and grape-both not the 'flavour ' i ordered . anyway , i rarely read labels to begin with , but for something supposedly 100 % juice , i was curious ... ok , now for the taste , or lack thereof . it was slightly fizzy , nothing like full-blown soda , but jeez was it sweet . like , nasty mediciny sweet . i could not finish the can . i could n't even taste what flavour it was suppose to be . that 's all there is to it . i am giving it 2 stars because it supposedly has 100 % vitamin c , which is a pretty much the only redeaming quality to this not juice but not soda type drink .
= no sugar but awfully sweet-and not in a good way
< not bad , but not great

> i 'm trying real hard to kick the diet soda habit . when i heard about mio , i figured the flavor enhancer would be a great way to get me to drink more water.there is no big issue or secret to making mio peach tea . add a few drops and gently stir and you 've got a glass of peach tea . best of all , no sugar added and my caffeine-intolerant husband can even drink mio 's peach tea.the tea tastes great at first . i found the taste was pleasant without being too surgary for me . but before finishing small 8 oz glass of the tea , i started tasting an after- taste , which is n't pleasant.the mio does work as advertised and is a great way to drink more water , but you 're going to have to rinse out your mouth if a stale after-taste bothers you.rebecca kyle , november 2011
= delicious at first , but leaves a stale after-taste
< i like the taste , but you 're going to rinse more water

> poor put upon odin ( anthony hopkins ) king of asgard , must now pass the throne to one of his two sons , thor ( chris hemsworth ) , or loki ( tom hiddleston ) . however they must both show that they are worthy and capable . will thor change his arrogant ways ? is loki everybody 's friend or a sneaky leader of a cabal ? let 's watch the story as it unfolds.i have a strange feeling that i 've seen this story before , and before , and before , and before . apply a cheap veneer that was really never any part of the edda ; throw in a tad of shakespeare , sprinkled with hallmark music , distract us with natalie portman and voil & agrave ; .thor will return in `` the avengers '' the heroes of asgard : tales from scandinavian mythology
= looks like a hallmark pilot
< the avengers

> when it has came down to us coffee drinkers , we often try to find the best tasting cup to start off the morning , and even the best iced coffee drinks all the way around . for illy , they have made good coffee drinks , but this one i was honestly skeptical of trying . their illy issimo cappuccino coffee drink is n't bad , but honestly not as thick or driven as other iced coffee drinks i have had in other places , like starbucks and dunkin ' donuts . while it is n't bad , there really is much that makes it try and stand out from all the rest . illy has had some good coffee drinks , but more should honestly have been done for their canned , ready to drink cappuccino.price : ctaste : c+overall : c 1/2+
= drinking
< coffee drinks

> pretty easy to use . the directions on the package are easy to follow , but no matter , by your 3rd pineapple you should be an expert ! first make sure your pineapple is not too soft and not too big . buy one first ( a medium size ) and after that , you should be able to gauge the correct size . if your pineapple is too soft , you will get a lot of juice all over the place . i use mine over a clean tray so juice will not flow over counter tops . and i make sure that i clean it with water right away because the juice is acidic and sticky and is easiest to clean right afterwards . overall , a good buy for pineapple lovers !
= excellent !
< easy to use

> another brilliant psychologically thriller from chelsea cain.as detective archie sheridan attempts to move on with his life , separating from his twisted relationship with serial killer gretchen lowell , his life falls apart . not only is he failing at kicking his addiction to pain medication , lowell is n't willing to let him go easily.when she escapes from prison , sheridan must attempt to end the attachment between them once and for all -- by going back into the pit . will his love for his family be enough to keep him safe from lowell 's manipulations ? only time will tell ... with just the right amount of gore and horror , sweetheart will keep you up late at night . with the lights on .
= she does it again !
< another brilliant thriller

> if you , like me , remember eating graham crackers in elementary school long ago , you may think graham crackers are , well , boring . these `` back to nature apple '' graham crackers are nothing like those graham crackers . i really liked the taste - sweet , but not too sweet , whole grain and apple flavored . great with some hot tea.the surprising part to me is that these crackers were shipped thru the u.s. mail and none of the crackers were broken . i could n't even accomplish that if i bought crackers at the grocery store ! if you want a healthy , tasty snack , definitely buy these crackers . they are terrific .
= not `` normal '' graham crackers
< graham crackers are nothing like those graham crackers

> quentin tarantino 's kill bill , vol . 2 completes the vengeful tale of the bride ( uma thurman ) . although there is plenty of violence in the second chapter , it is nowhere near the over-the-top blood spilling of the first film . instead , the film goes into the relationship of the bride and bill ( david carradine ) and the bride 's past ( we even learn her actual name ) . one excellent scene is the training of the bride with pai mei ( gordon liu ) that contains some excellent kung fu action . the best fight sequence is between the bride
= the completion of bill
< tarantino 's kill bill , vol 2

> my dog really likes these treats and i feel good giving them to her because they are made in the usa . note that not all treats from this brand are made in the usa however . it varies from flavor to flavor . these are great because they are easy to break off small pieces for my medium sized dog . i will occasionally indulge her in a full treat . she has never gotten sick or rejected these . they smell as you would expect , but they seem better than the ones you find in the store .
= my dog loves these
< my dog likes them

> this is a pretty standard cat5e cable . that makes it fast . it 's not the fastest option on the market , but most home networks do n't run fast enough to have much need of anything beyond this anyway.it 's a nice long length , which is good if you need to be able to move around a little in a space or connect something across the room . it feels pretty sturdy , and i do n't get the feeling that it 's going to fall apart in my hands or anything like that .
= works quite well
< pretty good

> i loved this book . cage is my superhero ! ! i really liked him in axel- the first corps security book but after reading tis book i love him . melissa is a firecracker and i loved her to . she does n't take any crap and can dish it out . loved her spunk . gave cage a run for his money.loved that these two lost soles were able to come together ! wonderful book and hope you enjoy it as much as i did ! ! ! !
= loved this book ! ! !
< cage is my superhero ! ! !

> this italian espresso style iced coffee drink has a fine taste and is not overly sweet.i think the price is pretty steep , especially considering the size of the can , which is only 6.8 fluid ounces.it is very small.it is all natural though and so maybe must be more expensive.my personal preference is seattle 's best iced coffee lattes which are slightly more generous at 9.5 fluid ounces and that is a big difference to me.recommended if you do n't mind higher price in a smaller can .
= fine coffee
< fine taste , but not overly sweet.i

> i highly awaited june 29th 2001. the day this came to theaters and i was first in line to see it at my local theater . it sucked . you didnt need that ice angel scene did ya mr. spielberg . i mean for 15 - 20 he sits there staring at an ice angel . this started off great but turned for the worst . do something funner like clip your toenails . just please do not see this movie .
= dang stupid
< i 'm hooked

> this book was thrilling and heart wrenching all at the same time . the author did an amazing job writing this book . she put so much passion in the characters and their story . the book was awesome to read . i did n't want to put my kindle down , i just wanted to keep reading . i ca n't wait for the second book to come out . thanks again for an amazing day of reading your book .
= wow that all i can say
< wow

> one of my pet peeves about buying graham crackers is how fast they spoil in those big wrapped packages . these `` fresh stacks '' packs take care of that . still a little much to pack for a snack or in a lunchbox , they still are smaller amount . no need to break these in two , creating piles of crumbs.these packs contain smaller sized pieces , smaller stacks and a fresher product . its totally worth the change .
= wonderful packaging idea !
< a great graham crackers

> i 've tried a lot of lipton tea flavors and this is one of the stronger flavors . you taste the passion-fruit first and the coconut as an aftertaste . i was hoping for more of a blend but i still enjoyed it . i did notice the flavor was better if i let it sit a few minuted before drinking . i would also suggest using room temperature water to mix and then add ace .
= strong passionfruit flavor
< good taste

> wow . what a story . how do you grow up like jeannette walls and fit into mainstream american life ? moreover , walls seems to have found a way to accept , even love , her mom and dad , despite their reprehensible behavior as parents , behavior that included the children going hungry , allowing relatives to molest the children , and foregoing medical care for the children 's serious injuries .
= what a story
< what a story

> this is a great product for men . my husband tends to have oily skin and can sometimes have breakouts , so this is a nice product . it smells good and has little beads to scrub the face . it left his face feeling soft and smooth with less oil . i recommend this product .
= great product
< great for men

> i 'm not crazy about plastic applicators . they really add a lot of waste to the landfill . these are easy to insert , do n't smell perfumey and last for several hours . these are basically compressed cotton with a long string . i always use these with a panty liner for added protection .
= easy to insert
< great protection

> this is a gadget lovers dream come true . perfect for scrap booking , it is clean and the product rolls out well . i wont replace a product with this , but it 's a nice fun addition to a crafter 's toolbox .
= fun to use
< fun for a crafter

> all i can say is if you have n't read this book , you need to ! kellen kyle is the next hot book boyfriend ! his story with kiera is amazing and their chemistry is super hot !
= give me more !
< hot hot hot !

> the thing is a real cool movie ! ! ! the story is really interesting and creepy ... the kind of movies that i like the most ... .this is a thrash classic ! ! !
= cool movie ! ! !
< cool movie ! ! !

> i could not tolerate the taste of this . it also has high fructose corn syrup in it . which makes it an unhealthy meal replacement.will not try again . and would not recommend .
= gross
< could not tolerate the taste

> this book is definitely a excellent story of child abuse . i did not think i could finish reading it . but the love story is sweet and innocent . excellent !
= unbelievable
< excellent

> i can not state it better than some of the glowing reviews already left for this book . i 'd just like to add that i 'm thankful the book did n't take too long to reach us readers ( like so many others - currently gone to publishing houses ) .my take on this trilogy - when all is said and done ( for jesse and ava ) is that one very feisty woman became the man 's ... .obsession , compulsion , and world . the man ; he was lost , completely so . when ava entered jesse 's sphere ... ..jesse found a focus that he had n't cared to contain for so many , many , years . ava ... ..she saved jesse and in return he gave her everything.i adored the trilogy ( thank you to ms. malpas and her publishers for not dragging it out - another current publishing house scheme ) . this series was 'sold ' to us readers as a trilogy , and stayed that way . this reader is grateful for getting what she bought-into when book one was released.every book delivered such drama , angst , love , craziness , and mystery . each book gave us answers and in the end ... ... we got the whole picture of why jesse was the man he 'd become ; the man ava fell in love with . not an easy love ... ..but certainly a worthwhile one . i also appreciated the epilogue which was n't over-done , nor under-cooked.i 'm a very satisfied reader . thank you to our dear authoress for her creation of so much pure entertainment .
= a difficult man ... a complicated story ... .a wonderful ending ! !
< i 'm hooked for this trilogy

> this book was brilliant ! i love fisher 's love me with lies series and she 's impressed me again with mud vein.senna is a writer . she 's gotten some fame over a book she wrote that was pretty much a rebuttal to a book her ex-lover , nick , wrote about his relationship with her . she has n't yet gotten over what she had with nick . or what she thought she had.isaac is a doctor . fate steps in and isaac meets senna at a time she needs someone the most.the two wake up in an isolated cabin somewhere in alaska with months worth of food , firewood , and other necessities with no means of escape . judging from the clues that are left throughout the cabin , it would seem their kidnapper is a crazy fan.the transition between past and present was perfect . the way fisher had us get to know senna and isaac and the way she unraveled the clues kept me on the edge of my seat . i had my theories but they were completely blown out of the water . you wo n't know who or why until fisher wants you to know . then after your initial shock you 're nodding your head thinking yes , yes that makes sense.i do n't know if fisher meant for this to be a love story or not but i felt it . i shed a tear over the injustice . but i was also okay with it . any other ending would n't have worked . bravo !
= a must read !
< brilliant !

> this is really a genuinely lovable story . the start of this story was a bit disorienting and scattered . jumping right into the present , and trying to learn all of the back story as you go leaves readers working the story backward for almost the duration . i would say the capturing of my attention during all of the dark mysterious start was beast and november . we quickly learn that this young woman was attacked in a alley , and the mysterious beast ran in to save her . i actually expected for there to be alot more developement that would wrap beast deeper into the story line , but it just did not pan out that way . regardless , the development of the story was great . asher , i love this name by the way , was one hell of a man . he is the full alpha character that seems to be attracting so many in the current genre , but i must honestly comment that at moments i found his character to be a bit over the top . i was captivated by the introduction to the mayson family , and instantly fell in love with the lot of boys . i am hearing that book two will be the story of the kindling relationship between trevor and liz , so the it seems i will have many opportunities to fall further in love with each and every one of them . until november is a great story , but it still has some room for improvement.~bookwhisperer reviewer jax~
= great new series
< a great story

> these ranch style dog treats are made with all organic barley , and contain no wheat or corn . they are roughly about 1.25 x 2.25 inches a piece in rectangular shape , almost like a fat fig newton . my 10 oz package had a total of 16 biscuits . upon opening the package , it had barely any smell to them . almost like a bland cookie smell . the package does n't have a recommend serving suggestion , but i would basically give my dog 1 to 2 treats a day . the cover says the treats are baked in small batches . they have been certified organic by oregon tilth and are a product of new zealand.i gave these treats to my 80 lb lab mix and he tore it up . he must enjoy them because he keeps staring at the bag sitting on my desk , even as i type this review . however , my dog does n't discriminate between organic treats or milk bones , he 'll eat whatever and begs for treats all the time when he sees them.guaranteed analysis on package says : crude protein 9.0 % mincrude fat 4.0 % mincrude fiber 4.0 % maxmoisture 11 % maxi would try these again in the future and recommend them .
= my dog loves it
< my dog likes them , but my dog likes them .

> i love this pedometer ! let me count the ways : first off , it actually works . i have gone thru everything from freebies to a $ 35.00 weight watchers clip-on that have either never worked at all or putzed out in no time at all.second : this is sturdy and well made and since you wear it on your wrist you do n't have to worry about it shattering to several useless pieces if it unclips from your belt . ( sorry weight watchers . ) unfortunately it is water resistant but not waterproof , if it was it would be great to wear swimming.third : it is very easy to program and reset , it 's also nice that it also functions as a watch and a heart monitor as well as counts steps , & estimates calories burned which can be determined by a persons height , weight & gender . there is also a light making it readable in evening hours . and the back is screwed on making it easy to replace the battery when needed.overall i am extremely happy with this pedometer and yes , i would whole-heartedly recommend it to others .
= finally ! a pedometer that actually works !
< great pedometer !

> breaking dawn is my favorite of the twilight series . why ? ? because finally , after 1500 some pages read , ( from a non tween might i add , trying to grasp this national obsession ) , a pay off ! we moved somewhere ! ! ok , maybe we all have different opinions on where this book too us , or how creepy certain aspects were , how confusing others were ... but at least we got to where we thought we were going from twilight . what we were all waiting for , i suspect , at least i was.the ending , pretty satisfying , if there is in fact another book added to the series , i will read it , at this point i feel somewhat invested in the characters to see how this will end . i just hope that the pace will be akin to this book , and pick up . i say , well done ! anything that gets our kids reading , i think is wonderful . and being honest , while i 'm not on the obsession bandwagon , some of my friends are .
= my favorite of the series
< breaking dawn

> this was a stunning and spectacular film , visually , creatively and structurally . the story is poignant , beautifully told and acted , and somehow very close to home for many of the people who see it . suburban family life looks very neat and happy but who knows what kinds of complex problems lie beneath the surface ? this film shows us a glimpse of that bitter reality . marriages fall apart , people change but change in different ways from each other , people alienate each other , parents beat their children , parents ignore their children , parents are humans with human desires , people have nervous breakdowns , people have affairs , people hate their jobs , kids lie about their personal lives to try to be cool , people build facades ... it is a wicked and vicious game society as a whole plays , and this film brilliantly conveys all the plots , subplots and layers that occur everyday . the acting is stupendous . the accolades and praise this film received were more than well deserved .
= stellar
< stunning

> i usually eat cereal for breakfast 4 out of 7 days a week , so i was happy to have an opportunity to try this new kellogg 's crunchy nut cereal.unfortunately , it did n't really float my boat . it was far too sweet , with no discernable `` nut '' flavor at all . i mean , i could *see* the little flecks of what i assume are nuts stuck to the `` o '' s , but any real nutty flavor has been processed out of them . the overwhelming sensation was `` sweet , '' and not in a good way.the cereal did stay crunchy in milk ( it floats , just like that `` other '' `` o '' cereal ) , and it has a sort of mild honey + corn flavor . my guess is that kellogg is trying to find something to compete with honey nut cheerios , and this is their answer.i think i 'll stick to my special k red berries and frosted miniwheats . oh ... and northern gold raspberry/blueberry granola .
= where are the nuts ?
< too sweet , too sweet

> can you imagine the pressure on companies like scotch to be innovative , new and still stay at the top of their game ? this ` gift wrap cutter ' came just in time for the holidays . composed of a toothbrush sized plastic handle with a safety tab at the end , it will not only help you cut paper wrap accurately , but it is completely safe . your fingers are totally protected from the precision-ground stainless steel blade . it also allows you to easily ` curl ' ribbons for gifts.but it is n't just for gifts . i have set this next to my mail in-box to easily open all my letters without ripping them or giving myself paper cuts . whatever your hobby , this will find it 's way into your life . mind you , its amazingly simple and very inexpensive . sometimes the most simple things in life turn out to be truly helpful in many ways . grab yourself one of these for ` anytime ' . also , made in the usa !
= simply efficient
< great , made in the usa !

> the glass screen is not easy to scuff or scratch , but protecting it preserves the pristine condition & the resale value . the protector is durable , masks fingerprints , diffuses ambient light , reduces glare , but also clarity , especially of the crispiest screens , due to the finish and the increasing accumulation of the invisible fingerprints , and may cause the rainbow effect that might be annoying . it is easy to remove without a residue left.first , read the instruction and clean the surface . tape the protector 's edge ( the clear backing down ) to the surface edge with an alignment strip or a substitute . flip the protector over the attached edge , lift the protector 's backing starting from that edge , and roll the exposed sticky protector 's back over the surface slowly covering it with the aid of the edge of the cardboard packaging or a short ruler . applying light pressure initially allows easy peeling back for corrections , as the adhesive is sensitive to pressure .
= durable , masks fingerprints , diffuses ambient light , reduces glare , but also clarity
< durable , masks fingerprints , diffuses ambient light , reduces glare , but also clarity

> i 've never tried an anco wiper before , but with all the rain lately , not was a good time to give the brand a proper try . the contour was super easy to install , and snapped on with less work than any blade i 've tried ( silblade , michelin , etc. ) . i replaced only the driver 's side with contours on two cars , and so was able to compare the performance directly . in both cases , the contours were far superior . they hugged the glass and swept off liquid cleanly , and were essentially silent even when the glass was not very wet . it was enough of a difference to make me want to replace the other blades as well , even though they are not very old.the one thing i have yet to test is long-term durability . if there are any issues with this , i will update the review .
= quiet and close
< works well , but not very effective

> this book is fascinating because the idea is incredibly cleverhenry is the time traveler , and the trouble is , he disappears from one period of time to another and takes nothing with him , so he is always trying to find clothing first off when he arrives in the next time.clare met him long ago when he was thirty-six and she just six . eventually they meet in real time . in real time they are only eight years apart.audrey niffenegger makes this book interesting with the details she adds when they play pool ; when clare works on her paper art , niffenegger adds the details , talking with a doctor about dna , again the details are there.i really love every aspect of it except the characters are flat . there is nothing to clare and henry 's relationship except sex and time travel .
= travel and sex
< fascinating

> i like the crunch , the chocolate coating is tasty with no strange aftertones.i could not tell what part of the cookie had the mint flavoring , but it was quite minty and refreshing.i could taste the oreo creme filling that is in a thin layer under the chocolate coating of the cookie top.my kids raved about these , so i will be buying them again.as an adult with not much of a sweet tooth , one was plenty , i think i would have enjoyed it more if i had preplanned and had some with my after dinner coffee.i did like these alot more than the regular oreo cookies and if someone is having serious thin mint cookie withdrawal , these would come in handy until either the craving passes or it is time for the annual scout cookie sales
= reminds me of thin mints
< tasty , but not too sweet

> this movie is a first and that 's why some people who 've seen it , do n't like it . they 're used to the & quot ; status quo & quot ; of film making , getting the visuals to do the thinking for you . this film different in that it dwelves into your primal fears of the unknown . you start to care about the characters and give some doubts about ever going camping again . i believe there was a movie that used a slightly similar technique , & quot ; jaws & quot ; . you have to watch this movie twice to find out what you missed . overall , a great film that will inspire new filmmakers .
= innovative and original ! !
< great film

> i just received my scissors and have tried them on paper , cardboard , fabric and plastic . they work great on all of these . as a knitter and sewer , i like the clean way that these scissors cut fabric without sticking . i especially like their lightness . because they are made of titanium , they are much lighter in the hand than traditional scissors which are made of heavier substances . this makes it easier to cut in a straight line . i highly recommend scotch precision ultra edge non stick scissor , 8-inch , brown with assorted accent colors ( dot color will vary ) ( 1468tuns-mix )
= lightweight and great cutting
< great for all of these

> if mexican cheese dip married salad dressing and had a baby , this might be the result . i first tried it as a dip for tortilla chips . it was a hit , and i suspect it 'll go best with mexican dishes . i also tried it as a salad dressing for a spinach salad . it was okay , not great . i 'm looking forward to trying it as a sauce for bean and cheese burritos or tacos.it 's got more ingredients than i like , but fairly typical for a product like this . because of this , i would n't make it a daily diet item .
= not bad -- better than i expected
< not bad , but not great

> this is probably the best granola i have ever had . it only has 6 grams of sugar , where most granola cereals have 15 grams or more . the taste is incredible ; a well rounded cinnamon flavor and the granola itself is pretty uniform in texture which i like . no huge clumps . the flax seeds are also a nice touch and lend good flavor to the mix . i also like the packaging . its compact and easy to both open and seal back up . i was about to give up on store bought granola but this changed my mind . love it .
= love this !
< delicious !

> if you 've tasted aloe before , just imagine it being sweeter . that 's what this tastes like ... a very fresh flavor , with a crisp aftertaste , but the most remarkable thing about it to me was how sweet it was . for me , it was a bit too sweet - and that 's without very much sugar ( or other sweeteners . ) still , i 'd recommend this due to its flavor and that aloe is good for you - just be sure to try it first to see if its level of sweetness is a bit much .
= not much sugar , but terribly sweet .
< a bit too sweet

> this is a really nice product . the lotion feels light and silky , like a good moisturizer . it has a nice light fragrance , with a hint of coconut , so it reminds me of the old tanning lotions -- but just a touch ! the sunscreen seems effective . i have very pale , sensitive skin and this product has protected as well as any other spf 30 product.this is not a waterproof product , so not a good choice for beach or pool . but for other sunny day activities , i 'd recommend it .
= feels light and silky ; smells light and summery
< nice light moisturizer

> taken is one of the best hard-boiled action films ever made . emotionally charged is how i want to describe taken , but that is an understatement . singularly , liam nelson 's no-nonsense performance makes this film . he is sensitive and laidback , but do n't get him mad . yet , he keeps a cool head and a keen mind to his sharp intellect underneath the all the mayhem and that is what really makes this film a cut above so many other films similar to this genre .
= one of the best hard boiled action films ever
< one of the best hard-boiled action films ever made

> this is n't just another thriller . this one deals with psychology , philosophy , and the seven deadly sins ( gluttony , greed , wrath , lust , sloth , pride , and envy ) . this one shakes you to the bone ( it really works as a top-rate thriller ) . the acting , the cinematography , the minimal music , and the urban setting are amazing . and you 'll be rightfully shocked at what happens in the end . ****1/2 out of ***** .
= this is n't just another thriller . . .
< the best thriller of the year

> i easily installed this product on a 2002 ford explorer . it was easy to do and thus far i am pleased with its performance . it sweeps away rain without streaking or smearing . it does n't whistle or lift and appears to be solidly constructed . good wiper blades are essential to safe driving . these seem to be above par both in ease of installation and performance and i recommend them .
= clean sweep
< works well

> version : u.s.a / region ampeg-4 avc bd-50running time : 2:03:40 ( h : m : s ) movie size : 31,200,743,424 bytesdisc size : 37,662,578,573 bytesaverage video bit rate : 26.07 mbpsdts-hd master audio 5.1 24-bitfrench dolby digital 5.1 surround 640kbpsspanish dolby digital 5.1 surround 640kbpssubtitles : english sdh / french / spanish / cantonese # audio commentaries # deleted scenes # interactive game # subtitle trivia track
= movie : 3.75/5 picture quality : 3.5~4.75/5 sound quality : 4.75/5 extras : 1.25/5
< movie : 4/5 picture quality : 4.5/5 sound quality : 4.5/5 extras : 3.75/5

> tide really is the top shelf when it comes to cleaning . their formulas clean well , taking out stains easily , even in cold water . this tide has the added benefit of having a & # 34 ; touch of downy & # 34 ; . this makes your clothes soft but also very wonderfully smelling as well . a great product .
= nothing beats tide
< tide is the best

> this was a freebie off amazon and boy am i pleasantly surprised ! ! i really enjoyed this story . rich boy ryan meets danny and knows his life will change . i love that they brought out the best in each other and always wanted the best for each other regardless of their own pain . i look forward to the next books !
= hot !
< loved it ! !

> what a funny movie ! ! this movie will have you laughing all the time . i 'm not a fan of fantasy type films but this one is the exception . you 'll catch yourself repeating a lot of the sayings even after the movie is finished . this movie is suitable for all ages .
= wonderfully funny movie
< hilarious

> this is so fun to play on the kindle fire ... honestly you can loseyourself in playing some of these game apps ... for hours ! this isfun , easy to play and free ... that really is a great option !
= solitaire app
< great for kindle fire

> my husband loves these sardines . fresh , spicy and high quality . highly recommended if you 're a sardine lover ! ... and even if you 're not !
= great sardines
< great sardines !

> good book and love that it is from the male pov . would definitely recommend his one to others and look forward to reading more from this author .
= very enjoyable
< good book

> what a great book keep me going from beginning to end had me on the edge how people can change for the better and love . must red
= must read
< loved it

> what a amazing book.i could not put this book down for one second.i read the book in one day.everyone read this book ! ! ! !
= gemini
< wow

> what a beautiful story ! i just devoured it . ridge and sydney 's story tugged at my heart , well done colleen hoover !
= beautiful ! ! 4.5 stars
< beautiful

> oh my god , oh my god , i love this book ! ! why didn & # 8217 ; t i read this book sooner ? ? ! why ? ? ? this is a fabulous , fabulous story . if you like to read books about alpha males , bikers and caveman type of heroes , then read this book ; you will not be disappointed.in a nutshell the story is about a mid twenties small town girl that is introduced to the motorcycle club lifestyle due the shady dealings of her brother . marie has just left her abusive husband and is currently living with her brother jeff who does side work for the reaper motorcycle club . during one the reaper & # 8217 ; s visits to her brother place , she meets horse , a member of this club . the attraction between both characters is mutual , however marie also fears him as she doesn & # 8217 ; t know the mc lifestyle and doesn & # 8217 ; t want to be involved with another tough/aggressive male . when her brother jeff gets in trouble with the club , horse decides to get marie as payment while jeff pays off his debt . wow , like wow . marie , in an effort to help her brother decides to go along with this . her decision is consensual and boy this is where the good action begins.the story is well written and gives you an insight into the mc world/lifestyle . the story is also scorching hot , like steaming hot ! ! i loved horse . he was very a tough dude , totally alpha and caveman-like , yet he was also caring and protective ; he wasn & # 8217 ; t a total jerk , he actually had a lot of redeeming qualities.all i have to say is that this is one of the best mc books that i & # 8217 ; ve read in long time . i highly enjoyed/loved it . i can & # 8217 ; t wait to read more from this author ! !
= it rocked my world
< one of the best mc books i 've read in a long time ! !

> first book in the chaos series , featuring tabby and shy.. tabby is tack allen 's daughter the president of the chaos mc . tabby has had the hots for shy since she was sixteen years old . shy is ka 's normal badass biker . the prologue gives the reader shy and tabby 's history.the story begins when shy is helping tabby through a terrible time in her life , for months he 's her rock , supporting her through the bad times . gradually bringing her back to herself . then she makes a discovery about shy , which knocks her back again.once shy realises what damage he 's done and what tabby 's resulting actions are going to be he shapes up . he makes his move to put things right with tabby , from there he hopes they can move forward.i liked this latest story from ka , it has all of the authors trademark touches in here . shy is pure alpha , but much more toned down and romantic . i did think that they seemed older than their stated ages , shy at 27 and tabby at 23. there is some drama , provided by tabby 's idiot friend natalie , but not as much as some of this authors previous books . plus shy and tabby are much younger than her usual h/h 's are.characters from the dream man series make an appearance as well . i must say i was n't too happy to have elvira thrown into the mix . she 's definitely not a favourite of mine . i generally find her too ott . all in all this is a good start to the chaos series . it 's a lot more romantic , with less drama .
= a more toned down hero
< shy and tabby

> without a doubt , this would have been a five-star action movie for me if it did n't lose focus briefly at the beginning of the final act , but it remains one of the finer bond films . craig 's bond is grittier than that of his predecessors , with some unresolved issues that make him dangerous , even to himself . perhaps because this film is set at the beginning of bond 's career , he is neither as suave nor as at ease as the other bonds , although he is every bit as likable.the storyline is straightforward , at least in overview : in tracking down a bombmaker , bond uncovers a broader terrorist presence that leads to a french financier , le chiffre , who literally weeps blood and who promises off-shore safe haven for terrorist funds . what the terrorists do n't know is that le chiffre ( mads mikkelsen ) is using their funds for his own enrichment when bond thwarts le chiffre 's plan , all bets are off except at the casino , where le chiffre attempts to win back the sum before the terrorists get to him . as usual , bond has no intention of letting le chiffre succeed . and also as usual , there is a bond girl , vesper lynd ( eva green ) .all the actors , including judi dench as the authoritative m , fit their roles admirably . but since most people watch the bond movies for the blow-'em-up , adrendaline-saturated scenes , the real question is whether it is an exciting movie . the answer is yes , except for the flabbiness mentioned in the first paragraph. -- debbie lee wesselmann
= i love craig 's gritty bond ( 4+ stars )
< a action movie that is a good movie

> steven spielberg 's `` war of the worlds '' really delivers as an action/thriller . tom cruise stars as ray , a divorced father of two who has the kids for the weekend when earth is invaded by killer aliens . huge mechanical `` tripods , '' buried for millions of years , rise out of the ground and start destroying everything in sight . ray and the kids run for their lives only to find that no place is safe from these monsters and their huge tentacles.the special effects are wonderful : cities are flattened , cars are tossed in the air , a ferry boat is overturned , and it 's all completely believable . combined with the excellent john williams score , the effects are so intense that i often found myself holding my breath , eyes wide open , flattened against the back of my chair . the action scenes alternate with dramatic bits of ray trying to save his rebellious teenage son and terrified little daughter ( dakota fanning ) . this writing was corny and predictable , and some plot elements were unbelievable ( for instance , ray 's car is the only one out of thousands that works ) , but i liked the alien invasion scenes so much that i can overlook them.this movie is genuinely scary , and fans of the 1953 version will enjoy seeing gene barry in a cameo . if you like non-stop action films , you 'll like `` war of the worlds . `` kona
= `` hey , rachel , wan na see something cool ? ''
< the war of the worlds

> i do n't have insomnia regularly , but i do have a problem forcing myself to get to bed at a reasonable hour . i 'm a late-night workaholic and will stay up until sunrise unless i make myself stop . it 's not healthy , and i keep trying to break this habit unsuccessfully . especially on days when i have to wake up early , i have to get to bed earlier , and once you get into a routine like mine , that 's really hard to do ! so on those days , i 've resorted to knocking myself out with antihistamines , which just leaves me groggy the next day.i tried this dream water last night with a bit of skepticism -- i can normally stay awake through anything . but about 20 minutes after i took it , i was useless to continue work and had to go to bed . i slept a perfect eight hours and woke up feeling good . amazing ! i felt fine all day today . i can think of so many uses for this in my life -- when i travel , when i need to wake up early , etc. , i will use this the night before . i 'm so happy to find something that works so effectively and without side effects .
= i 'll never knock myself out with antihistamine again ...
< i 'm a fan of this product

> since more than 500 people have already reviewed the devil in the white city , i doubt if i can add very much . this was an absolutely fascinating story , expertly chronicled by erik larson . it 's actually two separate stories : the columbian exposition of 1893 in chicago , and the serial killer h.h . holmes , who killed most of his victims in chicago during the columbian exposition . larson is a superb writer , and his stories are well researched , with pages of footnotes at the end.holding the columbian exposition was an amazing feat for chicago , to have built everything in less than three years . larson covers the details , but he also builds the many characters who wqere involved , especially daniel burnham , the chief architect of the exposition . it was amazing to learn how many products we use today were introduced at the columbian exposition , including the ferris wheel.larson does a great job describing the serial killings of h.h . holmes without getting too grizzly with the details . he also details the search for evidence used to convict holmes , an especially difficult task without today 's forensic tools.this was one of those books that was so good that i hated for it to end.highly recommended .
= absolutely fascinating story
< fascinating story of a exposition of the exposition

> things may be looking up for clayton riddell , an artist from maine , who has landed a book deal for his comic series . but , the whole world seems to go insane when people using cell phones suddenly become totally psychotic . now , it is up to clayton , and several friends he can pick up , to stay alive in a world where mankind has suddenly made a quantum leap into a new stage of development . they are & # 8220 ; norms & # 8221 ; in a world that has left them behind ... and wants them dead ! so far , i have not read a stephen king novel that i did not like , and this book is no exception ! i really liked both the characters and the situation of the story . is it realistic ? i don & # 8217 ; t know . but i do know that i found the storyline to be interesting , as i read along , dreading the future , and seeing what the author would spring on me next !
= great !
< a great stephen king novel

> what a fantastically bleak tale . i decided to read this after seeing previews for the movie . of course , the book is always better than the movie , so why not read what all the hype is about before seeing will smith present it . just from seeing previews , i could discern a number of differences between the movie and the book , but that did n't stop me from enjoying this great story.robert neville is a survivor , the last human among a world of plague-ridden vampires . you probably know the story already , so let me emphasize the mood . matheson creates circumstances that are so believable and an atmosphere that is so gripping that i felt like i was surviving right along with neville . as i watched neville evolve in his situation , i wanted to cheer him on and encourage him not to give up . this book was so masterfully written , it 's no wonder it inspired the likes of stephen king .
= creepy and fun
< the last human among the last human

> i will admit ... i chose this item just so i could say i tried it . i fully expected to hate it . it 's crystal light . they 're trying to make something that tastes like a mojito ( which is one of my fave drinks ) . think about that for a minute ... in my mind , it did not bode well.first , it 's no mojito , but it 's pretty darn good . it was a refreshing change from the water and sugar free lemonade i 'd been downing this past summer in order to keep hydrated . this one will definitely make it into our rotation , especially during the dog days of summer here in central texas.let me be clear , it does n't taste as good as a mojito . but i can drink it at work without fear of needing a designated driver to get me home . it 's more than passable , for sure .
= shockingly good ... .
< i fully expected to hate it .

> kudos to these seventh generation baby overnight diapers for being `` green '' , and chemical free ( no allergic reactions ) , and i do n't mind the homecrafted look brownish color , but . . . they rather fall short in their basic mission . . . keeping baby dry.unlike popular sellers like pampers cruisers , with these seventh generation overnight diapers , for the first time in a very long time i actually experienced having to cleanup a liquid spill literally pouring from the diaper . what does n't pour out ( either at changing time or around leg openings ) likely pools inside the diaper against baby 's skin , which causes its own kind of skin problem . the problem is that the absorbant media just does n't absorb like the modern popular brands.good fit . good `` velcro '' type fastening system.sorry , but i ca n't strongly recommend this and certainly not for heavy overnight duty .
= `` green '' , non-chemical , but low performance
< not for heavy overnight duty

> first off , a funny thing , when i was making the first pot of coffee , my husband thought maybe it had gone bad and had worms in it or something . there are white slivers/specks in the coffee grounds , which i assumed were something from vanilla beans . i hope it was , otherwise i may have made worm larva coffee ! so , onto my review ! i enjoyed this coffee much more than themelitta cafe collection parisian vanilla ground coffeei recently tried . personally , i am a gold card carrying fan of starbucks , so it should n't come as a suprise that i enjoyed this coffee . as a general rule , i would say if you enjoy starbucks and you enjoy vanilla , you should enjoy this coffee . if you are not a fan of starbucks , do n't look for this coffee to be the magic sip that changes your mind .
= vanilla
< starbucks coffee coffee

> this is a awesome movie . this movie is great it is not as good as the first . but that is because it set up for the third movie . i love the way they did smaug . smaug looked so sweet . they are pretty true to the book they did not leave anything out but they did add stuff . which is okay with me as long as you do n't take anything out . i hear some people are bashing these films because of some of the stuff they added to the movie . well i have read the book and to be frank if you just went by the book the movies would be boring . but all in all this is a awesome movie loved it . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
= the hobbit part 2 : the desolation of smaug
< awesome movie

> everything about the movie is average , the screenwriting , the casting , the performances . cooper is a good actor , but he 's not great , and was n't able to bring any nuance to the roll . the story is hollywood , cliched , contrived , and feel good at the end . also the whole eagles `` signals '' thing was pretty tired and overworked . i never felt these were real characters , i never felt any chemistry . i really did n't learn anything about them , aside from some spoken exposition that was n't convincing . sometimes when you fall to the 3rd and 4th choices for leads serendipity happens , but there 's nothing special or any `` stars aligning '' for this movie . 3 stars
= a decent movie , but just decent
< not bad , but not great

> i absolutely love graham crackers and these are just so cute . they come in packages of small squares . i put them in my purse for work , and i went overnight on a little trip and kept a package with me just in case i coud n't get a meal , my sugar woudl n't drop . the flavor is perfect , they were crisp , fresh and just wonderful.i liked them so much i tried to find them in my store and they did n't have them.i think i will just order them from amazon.they are absolutely wonderfulthe packaging is what makes them . instead of you breaking the normal graham crackers , they come like they are already broken in half . the perfect size
= love love
< perfect for graham crackers

> i was floored by this book ... the way mark haddon was able to crawl inside christopher boone 's head and deliver what is - for all intents and purposes - a 226-page monologue is nothing short of a spectacular achievement . for the first time , i feel like i have true insight on what it means to be autistic . the revelations here - for example what christopher 'sees ' when he is standing in a field vs. what the 'normal ' person sees - are eye-opening . christopher is compelled , no *forced* , to remember every small detail . no wonder life and its newness each day are so frightening for him.you will devour this book .
= a singular voice
< a great book for the first time

> perhaps my husband simply do not know enough about health science to properly review this product . that being said , we are quite happy with it . we have been using it post-workout as well as just a bit of something in the mornings . it 's delicious , refreshing , and packs plenty of energy . whether that is just the caffeine dosage or other nutrients doing as promised , we do n't know . my husband is training in the military and i just need an extra boost some days . this has quite fit the bill . highly remmended .
= tasty with plenty of energy
< delicious

> this book was so worth the wait . i freaking love jesse ! ! ! ! ! i fell in love with him in book one and my love just continued to grow with each passing book . jesse 's control issues are explained . i could n't believe all of the events/confessions/surprises that came out of this book . i cried , laughed and wanted to scream . my favorite part of the book i think is the epilogue because it 's in jesse 's point of view . best series ever ! ! ! ! !
= perfect ending
< i love jesse 's control ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i have been worried about all of the talk about giving these jerky products to my dog due to all of the deaths . this one says that it was made in the usa and it is a purina product so i decided to give them a try . my dog loved them ! the smell was not to bad and had a nice reseal top so they wont go bad.so sorry about the other dogs . my dog has not had any issues with these jerky treats .
= dog loved !
< my dog loved them !

> my oppinion : crash is one of the best true life movies i 've saw in a long time.about the film : crash is about how hard life is for ordinary and rich people . it has like 3-4 diffrent stories in it where all the chracters collid with each other in some way or another.my second oppinion : i thought the director did an excellent job on this movie and it had a great cast . it 's a must seecheck out the soundtrack to crash .
= a true to the life story
< crash

> omg ! ! ! ! this book was so worth the wait . i am not sure if i can wait til may for the next book.i was thrilled that this book finally came out . it was wonderful ! ! i loved reading more about olivia and alexander . so glad the story needed like it did.hope you enjoy this book as much as i did.you must read the first book before reading this one so you will know what 's going on .
= awesome book ! !
< loved it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> the apple cinnamon flavor hits you - in a pleasant way - on the very first bite . the graham cracker is lightly dusty with sugar , much less that on other cinnamon graham crackers i 've tasted . the blend of flavors of apple , cinnamon and sweetness is nicely balanced . this makes a nice sweet snack , even a cookie substitute . i really like graham crackers and this one had a nice unique , yet highly pleasing , flavor .
= graham cracker with flavor , crunch and just the right amount of sweetness
< a nice sweet snack

> i liked these very much . they 're soft on the inside and out . the fit for my daughter is perfect . they provide good coverage and are easy to put on and remove . they do n't have reclosable sides but this is a feature that i 've never found much use for anyway . the beige of the training pants is unusual and reminded me of newspaper print . it 's cute when you get used to it .
= great product
< nice fit

> there is nothing worse than mailing a check and seeing it right through the envelope you have put it in ! or worse , seeing the flap unpeel before your very eyes ! i had good luck with these secure envelopes and was pleased that they did not reveal the contents and they also stayed sealed on my dashboard in 100+ degree heat ! it was a fun little test of their durability during our heatwave ! i will purchase again !
= safe and secure
< great for our eyes !

> quentin tarentino is one of those directors you either feel is very creative or you feel he is very over-indulgent & this film is a combination of both . uma thruman is his modern day pam grier getting down . i dug the fight scenes & the music worked , but some things sorta made the film lag in spots.interesting but some things could have been trimmed out . still tarentino will have you talking one way or the other .
= it has moments
< uma thruman

> i brought these to work today to get a few opinions from other workers and everyone agreed that these labels are fantastic . they did n't jam at all . the glue held well . overall , we liked them ! our office usually orders avery products , but i 'm going to suggest using 3m , as i use 3m products at home quite a bit , and like them all and am satisfied with their performance .
= great labels !
< great labels

> i love this book read many many many time and still ca n't get enough of it . the characters are lovable and the story is good . i love ryan , he was so down to earth as an actor you ca n't help but to love him and he is such a momma boy lol . you 'll fall in love with the characters in this book , wo n't regret your purchase .
= i love it & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ;
< love ryan

> doggie loved them . her teeth were already very clean but this will certainly help them to stay that way . what 's important is that she ate them , if your dog does n't eat them they ca n't work . she 's a very , very picky eater . i did notice her breathe was much better after just a week of having one per day .
= funbites flatsticks calcibone
< doggie loved them

> i have generally used playtex products for years , and this is a decent member of their line up . i found it to be effective and overall got the job done , but personally i would rather use on of their other ( unscented ) products . i thought the scent with these could be a little cloying .
= decent playtex product
< good product

> i love schick razors . they are so easy and give a good close shave on the first stroke . the 5 blades are great for our sensitive skin . it works very well for my daughter who just started shaving and has extremely sensitive skin .
= always a great quality product
< great shave

> preston drake finally gets his own story ! this one is seriously hot ! ! preston & amanda 's story will keep you wanting . i love the way abbi gets you connected to her characters and you feel like you know them .
= just for now
< loved it ! !

> this unexpected love triangle is just a set up for disaster from the start . chloe does n't know who she wants to be with and everyone gets hurt ... great read ca n't wait to read on in , twisted !
= chloe , drake , and logan friends , enemies , and lovers
< loved it !

> this is a high quality tape that holds together well - and i really like the finish that allows you to write on the tape . convenient multi-pack with the holidays coming up .
= great tape - especially to write on
< high quality tape

> mel gibson 's passion of christ is one of the films that have made film history before the actual release as it had a large number of followers before the release date . the prosperity of gibson 's film is based in its christian theme , which attracted large masses of folks in the western world . the hysteria around the film was augmented through word of mouth as people were willing to discuss passion of the christ before it was released . this frenzy around the film brought the film a lot of free advertisement around the world , which made the film a huge success in the box office.the film follows the 12 hours before jesus christ 's ( james caviezel ) crucifixion , which is full of violent behavior . this violent behavior is brought to the screen through untouched brutality as the body of jesus is kicked , desecrated , tortured , and whipped numerous times with monstrous tools before he was crucified . these scenes of violence progressively get worse as the film continues as gibson makes an honest attempt to recreate a world of past where poverty and ignorance were common . there is not much room for compassion , but when it exists it offers some hope for mankind . it is for this hope that jesus endures the pain brought upon him by mankind.passion of the christ is a cinematic experience that triggers a strong distaste for brutal violence as it is turned into a maximum in the film . the violence is necessary in order to display the revolting behavior of people , which is nauseating , and it is for this violent behavior jesus sacrifices himself to save mankind . hopefully all the viewers learned one of the intended lessons from the story and can make the world a better place with less violence and brutality .
= gibson 's violent depiction - a hope for mankind ...
< a cinematic experience

> arguably better than the first installment of the lord of the rings film trilogy , the two towers is a more than seamless continuation of the first film . frodo ( elijah wood ) and sam ( sean astin ) continue their quest to destroy the ring , and are now guided by the deceitful gollum . meanwhile , aragorn ( viggo mortensen ) , legolas ( orlando bloom ) , and gimli ( john rhys-davies ) join the fight to defend the city of rohan as saruman ( christopher lee ) and his dark lord sauron proceed with their plan of the eradication of mankind . more violent , fast paced , and with a more epic feel ; the two towers is , as of this typing , the best action/fantasy adaptation yet ; and while it may not take place exactly as tolkien himself had written it , he himself would nod his head in approval of the fantastic job done by director peter jackson . most of the cast from fellowship of the ring has returned : including ian mckellen , liv tyler , cate blanchett , billy boyd , dominic monaghan , hugo weaving , and andy serkis providing his movements and voice as gollum , who is a fantastic pinnacle of how far computer animation has come today . the battle scenes are more than epic ; including the climatic slickly put together battle of helm 's deep . all this however is only a taste of what is to come with the third and final film in the trilogy : the eagerly anticipated the return of the king .
= spectacular
< the best of the trilogy

> unlike some , we 've already been sold on stevia for some time . yes , it 's true you can get a bitter aftertaste along with the sweet ( the effect varies from brand to brand ) , but you really do get used to it.in the past we 've preferred the liquid type because it 's easier to measure out . so when sun crystals all-natural sweetener came our way , we were interested in finding out what effect adding a little cane sugar to the mix would have.for a mere five calories per packet ( which is the equivalent of two teaspoons of plain old sugar , which would normally cost you 30 calories ) , you definitely do get a truer sugar taste , although there 's still a tiny bit of that telltale bitter stevia back-kick . i 'm usually a one-teaspoon of sweetener person , so half a packet more than does the trick.it 's dissolves beautifully in hot beverages ; not so great in cold beverages , but you can say the same for regular powdered stevia , which i find does n't stand in for sugar very convincingly in , say , iced tea.but it 's terrific for travelling -- much more so than having to carry a bottle of stevia around with you -- and it 's handy to keep a handful of packets in your purse or glove compartment . a much better idea than that fake sugar.and , according to the manufacturer , it 's suitable for diabetics -- '' free '' food = up to 3 packets .
= the best of both worlds -- in a convenient packet .
< a sweet , sweet sugar taste

> what happens with two people who find each other as children and deeply fall in love with each other ? a girl from a prosperous family and a boy , a son of a modest carpenter . when two are separated in order to protect girl 's propriety and define clear line between their two social classes , they do not see each other for 15 years . eventually , boy finds himself back in vienna , this time in a role of a train magician and entertainer , while girl is being groomed to marry a crown prince of the habsburg empire . chance meeting between the two during the magic show , ignites the flame of the innocent love they once had for each other as young children . and this is where film looses its pace . how likely it is that girl of noble upbringing and upper class would leave it all for a travelling illusionist ? what future would these two have , other than love for each other and no other prospects . story of commoner illusionist outwitting a royal soon becomes more a of fable of misguided love and scam where two love birds create elaborate scheme that will allow them to be together forever without ever being found by the royal family , friends or their parents . while i liked norton 's and giamatti 's acting and their tender german accent , biel is nothing more but a beautiful ornament in this film . she is very pretty to look at , but her acting is quite plain .
= no serious characted development here
< a beautiful ornament

> i consider myself an informed reader . that 's why i was interested in this latest best seller that is breaking all kinds of records . it 's about a dominant-submission relationship.amanda is a young college graduate who interviews a powerful and young male entrepreneur for her college newspaper . she 's immediately smitten with his good looks and his outrageous wealth . eventually , he deflowers her and she falls in love with him . thus begins a complex relationship between them , told through the young woman 's eyes . slowly , the reader is swept up in the narrative and the rather lightweight bondage scenes.i found this book a tedious read and will not read the next two books of the series . there is too much introspection by the young woman , long self-reflective parts where she contemplates the relationship and romantic activity , including bondage , which is supposed to be titillating . frankly , i found it all quite boring and the only reason i finished the book is because i wanted to be able to write a honest review.naturally , i 'm glad i read the book just to see what makes this kind of best seller . but for me , personally , it was a waste of time and i can not possible recommend it . however , because there was some sort of logic to the story and it was clearly written with a well-developed story line i stop short of giving it my very lowest rating .
= not up to the hype and just too lightweight for my taste
< tedious but boring

> sarah and her family are just one family in this mass of french jews rounded up that day.sarah 's key opens with such a beautiful scene ; sarah and her little brother michel , tousling and laughing in the white bedding when there is a loud knock on the door . it is the french police . sarah has just enough time to unlock the closet and michel goes in with orders from his sister to be very quiet . it will be a fun game.she locks the door , pockets the key , and she and her mother are taken to vel d'hiv along with her father.this sad story is juxtaposed to 1994 when julia jarmond , her daughter and her husband arrive at the very flat where sarah and her family lived.perchance , julia 's job as a journalist sends her to report on the wwii vel d'hiv atrocity.and for fear of giving away the story , suffice it to say that sarah 's story becomes very important to julia.it is moving , it is sobering.it took weeks to get up the nerve to watch a wwii theme . i found it interesting that the main character could be all broken up about sarah but then in the same day head off to get an abortion . is it really that obtuse ? killing innocent vs. killing innocent .
= it is moving , it is sobering
< a fun story

> i 've bought south beach bars before in the past , and have always liked the flavor of them . this flavor ( the mocha one ) is probably the tastiest of them that i 've tried ! they have a nice , rich flavor , and a pleasant texture . some high-fiber bars that i 've tried in the past have a texture that resembles cardboard , but these are moist and chewy.although the packaging states that they do n't contain high fructose corn syrup , they do contain sugar and regular corn syrup ( in addition to the artificial sweeteners sucralose and dextrose ) , and come in at 7 grams of sugar total . i also usually choose nutrition bars that have a bit more protein than the 2 grams of protein that these contain.if you 're sensitive to caffeine , just be careful when you eat these since one of the ingredients is actual instant coffee.overall , i like these bars , but i 'm not sure if i 'd buy them in the future since i prefer nutrition bars ( like clif bars and lara bars ) that contain all-natural ingredients . if you do n't mind the artificial ingredients , though , then these are a tasty treat .
= very tasty
< nice flavor , but not a good flavor

> i have reviewed other screen protectors for kindles and other devices , and they invariably trap air bubbles and are a huge pain to attach . in addition , they usually cause a loss of definition of the screen view . in short , they are n't worth the trouble to use for the minimal benefits they offer.this expensive screen protector overcomes those faults . it is very easy to apply and remove for cleaning . and somehow , it does not reduce the clarity of the screen at all . it offers anti-glare protection while outdoors . and it keeps smudges , scratches and fingerprints off the screen . i applied and removed this several times to test the ease of application and there is no way it will trap air bubbles as it is applied , unlike the other screen protectors i tried.it peels off easily and can be rinsed under water and , after it dries , reapplied . the frame that surrounds the edges is another nice feature , as it gives you something to grip as you apply and remove it.i highly recommend this screen protector in spite of the high price . it offers perfect insurence against scratches on your precious kindle screen .
= best screen protector
< easy to apply , works well

> after investing in a costly white board on an easel for the farm , a few bucks for the3m whiteboard eraser for permanent markers and whiteboards , 5 inches x 3 inches x 1.2 inches , 2 pads/pack ( 581-wbe ) to keep it clean will be a small expense when and if we need to repurchase the product . since themr . clean magic eraser cleaning pads , 8-count boxeach wear out with use , i 'm not sure if these will as well . we 've used this product dry at first to clean off the board , then moistened it with water to rub clean a couple slight stains . all in all , the board now looks almost as good as it did last year and we look forward to using it again as soon as the farm shares are ready to deliver ! i can recommend this eraser highly because it works as advertised and needs absolutely no chemical or liquid other than h2o . my only complaint is that i must keep this attached to the whiteboard , likely using velcro or a string .
= well worth a few bucks
< works as advertised

> this is a reasonably entertaining film . its strong point is the acting of the young actors . many times actors under the age of around 15 simply can not act ; they mouth their lines pertly enough , but at the end of the day they are not convincing as characters . these young actors can actually act , and seem like real people caught up in a real situation . the plot kind of meanders along with the trademark spielberg plot of an extraterrestrial situation that the bad us government agents are trying to ruthlessly cover up . we 've seen it before . i kept waiting for the kids to ride their bikes into the sky . and that spaceship , i think i saw it somewhere before in a richard dreyfus film.the sub-plot of the fathers who are dealing with grief , albeit unsuccessfully , in different ways is carried off well , and some viewers will find this more interesting than the countless crashes , smash ups , etc . that relentlessly punctuate this film . an enjoyable family film . rjb .
= entertaining -- very derivative of et and other spielberg films
< entertaining family film

> i finally got to use my new wiper blades today - this and a 21 '' er - with the first rains from hurricane sandy coming through . they work perfect ! test 1 complete . the harder test is how long they last , but i have no doubts they will perform better than whatever i bought last time at the local auto parts store . i could tell out of the packaging that they were exceptional : the entire frame is a spring that had the blade more curved than any i 've seen out of the box . it then straightened out perfectly on my windshield.check your car 's manual carefully . i am by no means an idiot when it comes to such things , but i had a pair of 20 '' ers on before ( ca n't remember if that was actually my doing ) that did not cover as much surface area as this correctly sized pair.this simple replacement ( very easy to install ) feels like a big upgrade to my car for the day .
= excellent wiper blade
< great for the new wiper blades

> i have read many stories about wolf shifters . but this has topped the lot , exciting fast paced plot . with fantastic characters , plus really hot and passionate love scenes thrown in for good measure.when taryn warner rebels against her father 's chosen mate for her , it can only mean trouble . as a latent taryn is made to feel less than perfect . her father thinks she should be grateful that an important and powerful alpha like roscoe , was willing to accept her . taryn was desperate to find a way out of this , she knew her father was only interested in making an alliance with roscoe.but events overtake taryn when she is kidnapped by another alpha trey . he puts a proposition to taryn , that will enable her to escape the upcoming mating with roscoe.this story draws the reader in from the very first page . wonderful descriptive writing . with a whole bunch of sexy wolf shifters , what 's not to like . a fab read . highly recommend .
= love the big bad wolf
< a fab read

> we have two miniature schnauzers that are way to picky -- -- and have the ability to run our entire household ! in the morning we have the ritual of going outside and have them do a & # 34 ; trick & # 34 ; for a & # 34 ; goodie & # 34 ; -- -- we keep quite an assortment of treats on hand and these rapidly became one of the favorites . we cut one in half and get twice the mileage out of one treat , the quantity does n't matter that much , it 's more about the excitement of getting one . we try to give a variety of food and the same for the treats . they would clearly choose these over many that we have served ( on their silver platter ) .there has been some discussion where these are made -- -- the package clearly states & # 34 ; made in the usa & # 34 ; -- -good enough for me !
= a fun treat that the dogs love !
< great for the family !

> set in the south in the early days of the civil rights movement , this novel reminds us of how far we 've come . three women , two maids and a white writer , tell their intertwined stories . each voice is distinct . you literally hear each character tell her story . i loved aibelene , one of the maids . she is a wise and intelligent woman . i could n't help being sad for all the women like her who grew up in an era where chances for education and employment were limited.this is an excellent story . i could say it 's hard to put down , but in fact sometimes the scenes are so sad that you have to get away from it for awhile . still , it 's an excellent read . it would be perfect for a reading group . discussing the characters and situations would bring them even more to life .
= marvelous story -- wonderful characters
< excellent story

> i loved the characters of this book , even from previous stories in this series . caleb was serious and he was unhappy but i loved the way he was written . i also loved brynna , i thought she was one of the least fussy heroines i have read in a while . the kids , the dogs , the unseen villain , all of them were just fine . what i did not like was the book was not rich with the story between caleb and brynna , it seemed as if there might have been too many characters for the length of the book and between the passionate moments and the issues caleb had , there just was not enough time spent with just caleb and brynna . i like this author 's style though , i just wish the relationship was shown more in this book .
= 3.5 stars , sweet story but not well fleshed out !
< loved it !

> whatever one calls it , this stuff is great ! i confess , i often brew my own herbal concoctions with all kinds of things , from lavender to garlic , so the concept of a savory 'tea ' was n't a big leap.i did not expect them to be so darn good ! wonderful pairings like carrot curry , tomato mint , beet cabbage , broccoli cilantro , and my favorite , fennel spice . or perhaps the carrot is better ? no , spinach chive is best ! these are the modern day answer to that nasty invention of dehydrated cup-o-soup , the one with enough sodium to give you a stroke at first sip.and each is mixed with a bit of decaf black or green tea for an anti-oxidant boost . these will be my cold weather warm-up come fall .
= is it a tea , is it a broth ?
< i 'm a fan of this stuff !

> we are using virgin coconut oil as an alternative to lotion specially during the dry winter season . we have already tried a couple more different brands and this is as good if not better than the others . it does prevent chappy and dry skin throughout the day . i just use a little dab , just enough to cover the skin . it will be absorbed after a few minutes and would not notice it is there including the coconut oil smell.cons : the only con i can think of is more of a subjective matter . coconut oil is fragrant , it is just not the kind of smell that you would expect from a regular lotion.a sample of this product was sent to me for review purposes .
= nice alternative skin treatment
< good alternative to lotion

> admittedly , food preferences are very personal . that said , wow ! to me these taste like homemade almond brownies . i like the flavor . the cocoa flavor is rich and the baking process increases its depth . and they 'd be great for guests . but there is no way i 'll keep something like this in the house.and i find the idea that the container is shaped for the cup holder of a car to be very strange . the idea of driving along and popping these little caloric bombs makes me shudder . i doubt this is what nutritionists mean when they suggest eating nuts as part of a balanced diet .
= too tempting to keep around ?
< wow !

> four years ago , lane broke up with noel because he wanted to be a rock star . now , her companyis trying to help with the charity that noel established and her boss asks lane to find out about it.then noel demands that lane go on tour with him and the other guys in their rock band blackfalcon . she can survive two weeks , right ? but what if he wants her body and her heart too ? adults 18+ only for sexual scenes . must read for anyone who likes rock music and fiery romance .
= rock , revenge , and love
< must read

> i have been really impressed with the quality and comfort of the tasc tee shirt . it is lightweight , fits great and stretches nicely . i have n't noticed any shrinking from washing it . the shirt is made of organic cotton and viscose from bamboo and best of all , it is chemical-free . although designed as a workout shirt , i find that it is great to wear for a basic tee shirt .
= great comfort and quality
< great shirt

> there are so many minute 'improvements ' to tampons , because truly , what all can you do to improve them ? well , some of the big name companies , i do n't prefer their tampons . i like playtex . they seem to work better , forming a reliable barrier every single time . unlike the short , fancy , colorful , more expensive brands.sheri gill - writer , mom ... mage ! !
= i rely on playtex .
< i like playtex

> i got this for my son . he likes the axe brand , and uses their deodorants , body wash , and body spray . he liked this face wash. the soap contains tiny beads that stimulate the skin . he said he did n't find it `` energizing '' , but his face did feel clean . it lathers well , though not excessively , and has a mild , pleasant scent .
= a good product
< nice face wash

> this is a yummy new cereal with crunchy flakes and dried berries . it has a sweet honey flavor , so no added sweetner is needed . i found it best to let the cereal sit in milk for a few minutes to soften it . a single serving is quite filling and satisfying . i recommend this healthy cereal for your breakfast or as a snack .
= berry crunchy
< yummy !

> this book was funny . sometimes it was almost too much . i felt like i was at a stand-up comedy show where one liners were being thrown at me fast and furious.to some degree the basic story line was unbelievable . their relationship too much too quickly.despite all that i did enjoy the book . my husband kept asking me what i was laughing at .
= not my favorite of the series
< funny

> this story had mystery , vanilla sex and kinky sex . hunter is at the center of a mystery . he is also in the middle of forced sex and sex given freely . elizabeth/ libby is the love interest . she is perfect for him , but there are forces that try to separate them . interesting read and even better for $ 0 .
= 4 stars
< good read

> i was pleased with these shipping labels . the apply nicely to various surfaces and they print well , but i 'm not sure why they are called 'permanent adhesive ' and 'strong stick ' . while the label bonded well with paper and was hard to remove , this was not so with cardboard . the label was easily removed from packages .
= good shipping labels
< great shipping labels

> thw sahale snacks california almonds plus sea salt are simply delicious.they are not too salty and not too toasted , they are just right . a very filling and nutritious snack when you are hungry . no sugar to worry about , just toasted deliciousness ! these will be my go to treat from now on .
= delicious almond treat .
< delicious and filling

> my dogs really like it they are smaller dogs and a variety of breeds but they all enjoy dog food . the dog food is nice and clean nothing for them to make a mess with and not bad smelling either . i would recommend anyone to give it a try for their dogs .
= dogs eat it up
< my dogs like it

> i loved this book ! i ca n't say enough great things about it . i loved that the drama in the book was not from cheating , misunderstanding , etc . it was refreshing .
= wonderful
< loved it !

> five stars what a fantastic ending to this story . i can not wait to read another of her books . i will read anything of this authors they are just that great .
= fallen two
< loved it

> i loved reading this book i could n't put it down . i would recommend it to read . i ca n't wait to read the next book .
= great book !
< loved it

> after seeing the newest captain america ... we realized we had not seen the first one ... so we streamed it and loved it !
= loved it !
< the best of the captain america

> in spider-man 2 director sam raimi and his talented team of writers , including distinguished novelist michael chabon , have crafted what is the finest film i have seen based on a marvel comics superhero . there 's more impressive chases and fights between the hero and villain in & quot ; spider-man 2 & quot ; than i have seen , for example , in the & quot ; x-men & quot ; films . however , the film works best at the emotional - indeed humane - level , in which we see both the villain , doc ock , doctor otto octavius ( brilliantly performed by alfred molina ) and the hero , peter parker aka spider-man ( tobey maguire ) wrestle with their consciences . indeed spider-man must make a difficult decision ; whether to use his unique gifts to protect his fellow citizens or lose them to gain finally the trust and love of his long-time friend mary jane watson ( kirsten dunst ) . he must also contend unexpectedly with his friendship with the son of harry osborn aka the green goblin ( willem dafoe ) unraveling , setting up the plot of what undoubtedly will be the third film in the series . raimi has done such an excellent job in raising the stakes in the second film , which is literally a major improvement over the first , that it may be a difficult challenge for him to meet . aside from molina , maguire and durst , rosemary harris gives yet another splendid performance as peter 's aunt . composer danny elfman 's score may be his most brooding ever , equal to his excellent film score for the first batman film . not only is this the best film of 2004 in the action-adventure genre , it may be among the finest in recent memory .
= best marvel superhero film , period
< the best film of 2004

> i love these ! i was lucky enough to get the pink and the blue and since they match my decor i installed them immediately.the velcro snap on that attached to the adhesive was secure in seconds . the directions say to clean the area with alcohol , but i did n't do that and the product stuck quickly to the wallpaper of the kitchen under the calendar , and in my office on the file cabinet ( metal ) next to my desk . the actual notes are those that fan out accordion style and that 's fine and appropriate as it works with the dispenser . the pen holder is extremely handy as do n't you often want to write a note at your house and not be able to locate a working pen ? ? ? the only issue i ever have is that you have to pull the notes out of the dispenser and leave a leading edge so that you can grab a single `` note '' and then use it . you could leave the whole pad inside , but then you 'd have to remove it from the dispenser in order to peel off a single sheet . so i just pull a couple of pages over the edge of the dispenser ! anyway , this is a great addition to the post-it line of office , school , and home products and i really like it . everyone needs to write `` notes '' and every home and office needs some of these ! very convenient .
= pop them anywhere !
< love these !

> this film deviates substantially from max brooks ' novel upon which it was based . the book was incredible from start to finish . it told the zombie wars as a form of history by visiting all the countries ' battle sites after the war was over . the film handles the zombie war as it is occurring and brad pitt has to find a way to fight the virus . the strength of the film is in the sheer physical showing of what it would be like to be overrun by zombies , you have never seen zombies like these . it seems as if they have rabies . once they have it , they move differently . they can move very , very fast . and they can pile up so as to become ladders to get over walls or battering rams . the cities they are infesting are well depicted too . there are a wife and two children who are left behind . they were missing from the novel and they do n't add much to the movie . brad pitt is on camera for virtually the entire film and that is necessary as he holds the film together.if you do n't think you need to read the book now that you 've seen the film , you are mistaken . it is a beautiful recounting of the entire war which you can not put down until done . there is so much more going on in the book whereas the film just scratches the surface .
= rendering of zombies visually is the best ever
< max brooks ' novel

> i liked this book overall , i would read it again , but i would begin after the soul-searching is done on the part of the girl . i am not sure how it fit in at all except for the fact that she had tragedy in her life . i think her depressed state was probably more from being aimless as a young person when everyone else around her were probably getting on with life and she was not . this was true of both the hero and heroine , i did not understand how young people in their twenties ( these were not children ) could survive aimlessly , without worrying about money . i overlooked this because it is surely possible somewhere somehow , the sweet part was the romance between the two , where a very nice friendship was carefully developed by the author and then gradually bloomed into much much more . i felt for both of them when they were wondering what was going to happen to them as people and as a couple , i had been wondering the same thing all along too ... the last two chapters threw me there for a while , i was not sure i wanted to continue reading , but i did and it all ended well , i suppose . all in all , very very sweet book , possibly worth a re-read .
= b , very very sweet book , odd last two chapters
< sweet story

> so many reviewers have already posted comments on `` harry potter and the deathly hallows : part 2 , '' so i do n't think i need to summarize the storyline here . picking up the story where the slow and uneven `` part 1 '' left off , the final installment marks the end of the harry potter series spanning more than a decade , with a balanced , appropriate climax.the film 's pace is faster than the previous chapter , focusing on the actions of the three main characters harry , ron and hermione , and their desperate search for the remaining horcruxes . the battle scenes have become more spectacular and powerful with fantastic use of special effects and effective editing.watching `` harry potter and the deathly hallows : part 2 '' is like attending a school reunion . many ( if not all ) characters who appeared in the series will come back . it 's nice to meet gary oldman again , though his time is very brief . blink your eyes and you will miss emma thompson.with exciting actions , stunning visuals and fine production designs , the second `` deathly hallows '' is a fitting grand finale to the long-running series that started in 2001 , wrapping up the long story with a pleasing coda .
= fitting grand finale to harry potter series
< a grand finale

> it tastes like bottled water with the exception that there is a very slightly bitter aftertaste . according to the manufacturer , the nearly 17 oz bottle of avitae packs 90 mg of caffeine which should make anyone who drinks it a peppy person.after drinking one bottle , i felt alert . however , i was already alert and feeling good before i drank it . i had just finished weeding my garden and was ready to go through my daily schedule . instead of a cup of coffee which i usually have around 10 am , i had the water . the effects lasted until about 4pm , when i started feeling a little tired.overall observation is this . avitae is a decent substitute for regular coffee . it is easy to use , require no preparation , and provides fast deliver . it is a fine alternative to coffee . it has 0 fat and 0 calories . if you can not drink coffee and/or can drink carbonated beverages , this will provide the same lift that caffeine gives.personally , i am a huge fan of cokezero . if i could n't handle carbonated beverages , i might drink avitae . however , i prefer the taste of cokezero to water so i 'll be sticking to it .
= an alternate source for caffeine
< good taste , but has a slightly bitter aftertaste

> ... the rest of us skip this movie . i 'll admit the best thing about the movie is the way it looks . rodriguez did an excellenct job in bring a comic book to life . however , some things need to stick to their original medium . i 'm counting these illogical wrecks of mini-stories as those that fit in this catagory . after micky rourke 's short ( the best one , imho ) i was ready for this movie to end . clive owens seemed miscasted , but benico sort of saved the day on that story , but it was still riding on the so-so part . after that , i 'm thinking surely that 's the end ... but no . it keeps going and going , until i 'm practically begging the dvd player , please no more . then there 's just one more bit , that i was so close to pulling my hair out , that i was relieved that it only lasted less than a minute . oh , thank god . if over the top violence is what gets you off , then this is the movie for you . if not , please , please avoid this movie .
= for frank miller die-hard fans only
< i 'm so glad i was hooked ...

> it took me a long time to decide to read becca and jason 's story . i just did n't see the point . i was so wrong ! ! ! i enjoyed this book more than nell ' s book ! ! jason is a wonderful character ! ! it was so refreshing to read a drama free book ! ! i hated the sadness that came along with their story just because i did n't want what happened to happen.loved getting more of nell and colt ' s story and thank god it was happy times for them ! ! ! ! spoiler alert ... ... .three things i did n't like that the author skipped over ... 1. their wedding2 . benny ' s birth3 . and what happened with ben and kate 's child ? ? ? ? last we know kate was seeing an ob regularly and then becca ' s mom is excited about being a grandmother . it seemed like this was their first grandchild . i was hoping ben 's child would bring some happiness but , it disappeared from the story .
= absolutely wonderful
< i loved it ! ! !

> overall , oxo has released very reliable kitchen gadgets and we have owned several items including other measuring cups for several years.one of the best features of the oxo tools is the grips-they are very comfortable for repetitive movements or when needing extra stability . we have numerous other sets of measuring cups ( one of us loves to bake especially during the holidays ) , and this set is my favorite.they are sturdy , have comfortable grips , the slanted edges which makesworking with even sticky ingredients ( like peanut butter and honey ) easier . the loops on each cup are designed to allow them to easily snap on and off for quick and easy use . also , the handle is firm , unlike previous oxo measuring cups where the handle would bend even with relatively lights ingredients such as flour.i would have given these 5 stars , if the handles were 1 cm longer , and riunded at the ends . they poked me in the palm of my hand . still highly recommended especially if you bake a lot !
= measuring cups ... made better !
< oxo tools is a great product !

> i was n't surprised by relationship that ended the sookie stackhouse series . this has , despite the distractions of characters and plots , been about a woman discovering herself . when we met sookie she was alone , save for a select few people , and living in a very small world . like dorothy dropped in kansas , she explored territory unfamiliar and threatening . in the closing page , sookie says & # 34 ; i belong here & # 34 ; in much the way dorothy realized there was no place like home . the sookie of the first book , the sookie who looked for other people to value her , has become a woman who values herself . while the novel is overly cluttered at times and suffers from the usual complaints i have with harris 's style it did not disappoint me . harris was wise to close the series the way she did and with the message she did . sookie was always enough , she just needed to see it .
= strong finish
< sookie stackhouse series

> the entire one hour and forty-seven minutes of the film is all here . psycho ( 1960 ) is still the most eerie and terrifying thriller ever made of its kind . the dvd version is crystal-clear . in the `` bonus features '' is a one hour and thirty-seven minute documentary that includes all the secrets of making the film plus an entertaining and delightful interview with janet leigh . there is also a `` censored shot '' of janet leigh that never made it into the film that you can see here on dvd . the six-minute trailer of `` psycho '' with alfred hitchcock giving you a tour of the outside sets and inside sets is on the dvd too.the a & e ; cable network will be broadcasting a 10-episode tv series in 2013 , which is a prequel to psycho ( 1060 ) . it will show the relationship between young norman bates and his mother .
= this dvd includes never-seen-before `` censored shot '' .
< the best film ever made of the dvd

> who would have thought that you could make a research librarian 's job sound exciting and sexy ? i guess research librarians are not surprised , but this is the first book i 've read that pairs a librarian and a vampire . it 's well done ; the plot is good , the characters are interesting , the dialogue witty and the writing well paced . even though the mystery involves renaissance italian writing , there 's enough action and tension to keep things moving along and the story is never in danger of being boring . the relationship between giovanni and beatrice is very volatile and certainly keeps you guessing right up to the end . the powers over the elements that the vampires wield is an interesting twist on the vampire mythology , one i have n't encountered quite like this before . i will definitely be reading the rest of this series.heat factor moderate .
= the vampire and the librarian
< a vampire tale

> i liked this conditioner a lot . it went on nice and evenly , and has a light sent with a hint of coconut . after my hair dries , the scent is still there but very light and fresh . i 've used it three times so far , and the first time i noticed that it left my hair very soft but with some flyaways , and it seemed to show my split ends a little bit more obviously . however , the second and third times , my hair seemed a little more moisturized and healthy , and i feel that with repeated use , i 'll probably see more benefits.while i do n't have any problems with my scalp , i like that it is lightweight enough that it can be used from scalp to ends without leaving my scalp feeling greasy or over conditioned .
= works well , noticed a difference after two uses
< nice conditioner

> someone 's getting rich on this item . i wish it was me ! the mug is very stylish and it is made of crystal clear double-walled borosilicate glass . i found that it did indeed keep my tea hot for an extended period of time , and this type of glass is more resistant to thermal shock than other types of glass . after reading several reviews , however , i am reminded that is very breakable although it looks more like a hard plastic than glass.the tea buddy thing is just another gadget in my opinion . and the fact that the instructions state that it is for squeezing your tea bag surpised me since i never squeeze my tea bags . squeezing the last bit of flavor out of a tea bag can give you a very strong , bitter tasting cup of tea .
= wish i had thought of this product
< stylish and stylish

> wow , this book was so intense . quinton made a mistake , one night and it haunts his every move alienating him from anyone who ever loved him . watching his decline is sad and so realistic it is painful . there are brief moments of beauty but his pain is overwhelming.nova hurts and is broken . i see her declining into the a is even though i hope she can fight her way out . her loss is painful and she struggles badly , i hoped meeting quinton would bring her up but that boy just drags her down with him . i can see real love lurking under her actions . quinton may just save her but not the way i thought he would . waiting for the next book , because i need this couple to learn to live again after the misery .
= powerful
< intense

> i feel duped when the front label proclaims `` 100 % juice '' and `` watermelon strawberry '' and then the small print says that it is mainly apple , grape , and acerola juices.and the vitamin c content is not noteworthy . a decent diet has enough vitamins.so , why bother with it except for the taste ? well , the taste is weak , like there 's too much `` filler '' juices and not enough of what 's advertised . and the ( sour ) strawberry taste completely overshadows the watermelon -- you 'd never know there was any watermelon there.it was n't so terrible that i did n't drink it -- unlike other switch drinks , of which one sip was more than i could stand -- but i 'll never buy it again .
= weak , watery taste .
< not bad , but not great

> primula 's double wall glass mug with tea bag buddy is a very convenient little product . it 's a 16 ounce mug that is double walled ( which prevents sweating ) and features a silicone `` lid '' that traps in the heat while your teabag dangles in the hot water . the lid is slotted to allow you to place your teabag in it and hold it in place while your tea is brewing.the mug is very smooth and very easy to clean . tea remains hot while the lid is in place , so be prepared for a very warm cup of tea when you are ready to enjoy one.primula has a very nice and elegant mug here . it 's also a nifty idea for an excellently brewed cup of tea.recommended .
= convenient and simple
< very convenient mug

> easy to stick & pull.i got this product at the right time , on my daughter 's birthday . by using this i could pack the gifts vary fast.this is truly a next generation of tape dispensersat first you had you had a tape , then you had a tape with a built in cutter . but wait a minute , unless you have huge boxes which you are going to wrap all around , yo u are not going to need yards and yards of tape - for gift wrapping or most of the common uses all you need is a 2 '' strip of tape.the scotch popup table dispenser contains these strips in a convenient holder which goes on your wrist from which you can keep peeling and applying the tapes
= simple , convinient and easy to use
< easy to stick & easy to stick

> book 2 in this series started out pretty sad . you love this couple liz & christian until christian does the dumbest thing in his entire life ! how can anyone live with themselves after doing that to their soulmate/girlfriend ? again christian trying to get approval and daddy 's love . you will fall in love , you will fall apart , and even be annoyed while reading this book . about 85 % in you will really be annoyed and pissed with liz and somewhat understand . after you think you have an hea there is book 3 you will have to purchase to see how this will end . or you can make up your own ending in your head and save a few bucks !
= good book
< love this series !

> switch watermelon & strawberry is a very good drink but the cans are way too small . if i was actually thirsty , i would need at least three cans . i also think the name of the drink is not accurate . it tastes more like apple and grape juice than anything else . i think they get away with calling it watermelon and strawberry because it has a strong aftertaste with these tastes.switch is supposed to be healthier than soda but it still is a pretty sweet drink so do n't expect something watered down or barely sweet . all in all , i would say it is worth trying if you looking for something similar , but more natural , to soda .
= it tastes more like apple and grape juice than anything else
< too small for me

> not a bad candybar it tastes just fine , but i wo n't be giving up hershey 's or even cadbury 's dark chocolate bars anytime soon.what you are really paying for is the name & the opportunity to be politically correct . the candybar itself is half the size and more than twice the price of other dark choclate bars that are so similar in taste that the real bitter after-taste will be in your wallet . i would be more inclined to eat this more often if the pricing were more reasonable . even if you are trying to do the right thing ecologically all the more reason you should not be punished by paying more for it .
= not bad but not good enough to justify the price .
< not bad , but not great

> i am a horror fan , through & through . i have been since a child . therefore , very little has any real `` effect '' on me when it comes to violence , gore , etc . dark places , while the story itself is n't over-the-top , it is a rough read because of how well written & effective it is . from beginning to end , the murder mystery kept me on my toes , always wondering and , even more important , always making me want to know what 'll happen ( vs. needing to know ) .the author really delivers here with a solidly haunting novel worth the time of any mystery reader .
= a rough read
< a haunting , haunting novel

> this amazon basics lightning cable is suitable for all apple products that feature the excellent new lightning interface , and this product is significantly less expensive than the oem version . it snaps nicely into my iphone 5 with a feel that is indistinguishable from the apple product , indicating very good engineering for this cable . the fit and finish here are excellent . my only criticism is that it is only 3 feet in length . i often benefit from a longer cable , especially when using a cable of this type with an ipad . so long as the user only needs a 3 foot cable , this one is excellent . rjb .
= very nice ; as good as the oem version
< excellent cable

> this 1980 horror slasher flick is about a killer who begins murdering innocent teens at a camp named crystal lake . this movie is kinda slow moving at times , but , it 's still enjoyable . please note that the killer you see in this movie is not jason . jason does n't appear until the sequel . this 1980 classic is worth a watch if you wan na see a good old fashioned slasher movie . this movie inspired way too many sequels and an unrelated tv show of the same name .
= ok , but a little dated
< a classic

> i love how easy this is to reset and how great it works . my roku works so good and does not slow down or reconnect since i have had this . before it seemed like we would get interested in a show and then bam it had to reconnect . not good : ( saying this it also seems like our internet is also faster . will be buying another of these for our other house : )
= love it : )
< works great

> i like to combine sardines with cream cheese . when i tried this i had to check the can again to make sure they were sardines because they taste just like tuna fish . i had my neighbor taste them , as she loves sardines , and she had the same thought : tastes like tuna.good flavor , heavy on the heat but i do not mind that at all .
= tastes like tuna
< tastes like tuna

> with the way the wind blows around here . my face is always feeling dry and sensitive . other lotions do n't feel as good on my face as they do on my hands , but this lotion feels great . the fact that it is fragrence neutral and drys quickly is an added benefit . you do n't want to rub your eyes and get lotion in them .
= excellent face lotion
< great lotion

> picked the book up at the local library book sale . what a treat . have been looking for someone as good as stephen hunter , well i have found him . jack reacher is all the things we look for in a macho action novel . glad i started with the first one and will work forward with the rest . again , a great book .
= lots a action
< great book

> this is a good , a very good , protective type lotion , a sunscreen if you will . it feels refreshing on your face and provides a light but quite masculine scent . it 's not , as pointed out by others , an aftershave , but instead it 's a product very specifically designed to protect your skin . highly recommended as a self-care product .
= a superior face lotion for us guys .
< good sunscreen

> i used to use platex years ago , but went to a different brand . when given the chance to review them here on amazon i thought i 'd give them another shot . glad i did . easy to use and a great fit with no leaking . i am sold !
= quality product
< great fit

> i liked this romantic mystery . fast laced , it keeps your interest , despite stereotypical bigger-than-life characters . there are a few glitches in formatting and grammar/punctuation , but not so much that it destroys the readers ability to enjoy the story .
= fast paced
< romantic mystery

> the blackstone books are sinfully good . ethan and brynne have such great chemistry that you are pulled into the book and never want it to end .
= ethan
< loved it !

> the deodorant i was using , before trying out the `` secret clinical strength advanced solid '' was `` secret flawless invisible solid , scent : totally fresh '' , so my review is a comparison between to the two.the scent of the secret clinical strength is not nearly as strong as the secret flawless . when i wear the clinical strength , i do not notice any scent , but when wearing the flawless , the perfumy smell lasts for hours.the secret clinical strength is not a typical `` solid '' . it is the kind that you turn the base and a soft ( icing like texture ) deodorant comes through the plastic holes . when it 's first applied , you will need to wait a moment before putting a top on , or you can end up with it on your shirt . i personally prefer the original `` solid '' design found in the secret flawless deodorant . with the soft solids , you do n't seem to get as much deodorant as with regular solids.the clinical strength worked well , but was nothing amazing . i actually found the secret flawless worked just as well , if not better . also , the secret flawless can be put on even after you have done something to cause sweating , and it will work well . i found a few times i forgot my deodorant while working on something , realized i needed to go put it on because i was sweating , then after i did , found it was n't working ( as if it would not absorb into the skin ) .i gave it 3 stars since i find the smell pleasant ( and mild ) and it does work . it just does n't work as well as some of the other , less pricey secret deodorants . also i would not use the word `` sold '' anywhere in the name . the only things that 's solid about this deodorant is the plastic it 's being contained in .
= a comparison to secret flawless invisible solid
< works well , but does n't work well

> version : u.s.a / e.u / japan / universal / region a , b , cvc-1 bd-50 / advanced profile 3running time : 1:59:02movie size : 33,82 gbdisc size : 41,58 gbtotal bit rate : 37.89 mbpsaverage video bit rate : 20.53 mbpsdts-hd master audio english 4309 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 4309 kbps / 24-bit ( dts core : 5.1 / 48 khz / 1509 kbps / 24-bit ) dts audio french 768 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 768 kbps / 24-bitdts audio french 768 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 768 kbps / 24-bitdts audio german 768 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 768 kbps / 24-bitdts audio italian 768 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 768 kbps / 24-bitdts audio japanese 768 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 768 kbps / 24-bitdts audio spanish 768 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 768 kbps / 24-bitdts audio spanish 768 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 768 kbps / 24-bitdolby digital audio english 192 kbps 2.0 / 48 khz / 192 kbps / dolby surrounddolby digital audio english 192 kbps 2.0 / 48 khz / 192 kbps / dolby surrounddts express english 192 kbps 2.0 / 48 khz / 192 kbps / 24-bitdts express english 192 kbps 2.0 / 48 khz / 192 kbps / 24-bitsubtitles : english sdh / chinese / danish / dutch / finnish / french / german / greek / italian / japanese / korean / norwegian / portuguese / spanishnumber of chapters : 21* bonus material ( in standard-definition ) # film commentary by joss whedon # film commentary by joss whedon and the cast n. filliom , adam baldwin , summer glau and ron glass # deleted scenes # introduction by joss whedon # future history # what 's in a firefly ? # re-enlightenment of the firefly # the journey of a filmmaker # extended scenes # a walk on the serenity # the green clan # session 416* bonus material ( in high-definition ) : - u-control- bd-live : my scenes
= movie : 4.25/5 picture quality : 4~4.5/5 sound quality : 4.5/5 extras : 4/5
< the journey of the green clan # the green clan # the green clan #

> ladies and gentlemen , welcome to add theatre ! from what i recall of the press around this movie at the time it came out , there is not shot in this great stain on our cultural landscape that lasts more than five seconds . that might be fine if the shots that were in the film were of a higher quality . alas , this is not the case.this movie is loud , obnoxious , annoying and generally sucky . its single redeeming virtue is that it 's better than the american version of `` godzilla '' . screening this film before detainees at gitmo would likely constitute a violation of the geneva convention.the sfx in the film are good , not great . the science is miserable . not quite as bad as , say , having a shark roar , but bad . the acting is sub-par , which is really sad given the talent in this movie . the directing is about what you 'd expect from michael bay . the man loves to use orange filters while shooting aircraft in flight . do n't even get me started about the overly jingoistic , rah-rah , go , america ! , nonsense at the end of the film.this movie is a brutal , unforgiving , assualt on our senses and an insult to our intelligence . `` armageddon '' came out at the same time asdeep impact ( special collector 's edition ) , a far superior film covering much the same subject matter . if you wan na see an asteroid movie , watch that . ignore this .
= a great sound and fury , signifying nothing .
< `` i 'm a movie ''

> shrek is one of the best movies of 2001. granted it 's a cgi film . however , before the holiday season , there were n't many movies to arrive in theatres in 2001 that were so entertaining for both children and adults . like the simpsons , the muppets , veggie tales , and the toy story films , shrek contains a lot of obvious humor that kids seem to enjoy ( especially the fart jokes ) , but also tons of jokes that most children wo n't get , but that adults will chuckle at.the basic plot of the movie is this . shrek is an ogre who lives alone in his swamp and is quite happy there until one day he saves a talking donkey from a group of guards . donkey befriends shrek and before the ogre knows it , his swamp becomes a safehaven to all sorts of fairy tale creatures who have been displaced from their homes by the napoleon-complexed lord farquaad . shrek and donkey set forth to meet farquaad and end up going on a quest to save the beautiful princess fiona ( who happens to have a beauty secret ) .shrek is a modern-day fairy tale told using computer animation . it does n't deconstruct fairy tales as some have suggested . however , it does rip on disney big time . that specific satirical cartooning is one of shrek 's biggest treats . and even if you do n't pick up on or enjoy the mouse house bashing , there are plenty of flatulence references to make you laugh .
= dreamworks scores big .
< a modern-day fairy tale

> wow ! i 've read just about everything stephen king has ever written which , given king 's almost inhuman prolificness is saying something , and will readily admit not all have been masterpieces , but 11/22/63 is easily amongst his very best . and i happen to think that king 's best stands amongst the best of anyone out there . ( anyone who thinks he 's `` just a horror '' or `` pulp '' author is n't actually paying attention . and i have little doubt that , in future generations , king will be studied the way other once-dismissed-as-pop-culture-fads are now ; e.g . charles dickens . ) on par withthe standandthe body ( the novellastand by me ( special edition ) is based on ) , 11/22/63 weaves a spell-binding tapestry of history , time travel and holds you all the way to its stunning , and utterly unpredictable , climax . this is an 850-page read that is stay-up-all-night good . even as a mom whose `` leisure '' time is oh-so-limited , i managed to finish it in two days because i just had to know what happened next ... it 's that engrossing . ( and other moms of young kids out will get how truly difficult -- verging on impossible -- it is to carve out the better part of two days to read . ) honestly , despite being an avid reader , i have n't read a book this spellbinding in a long time . find the hours . this one is well worth it .
= king at his best
< king 's best

> playing the lead in the tale of buddy , a human brought up by santa 's elves , will farrell gives a thoroughly engaging , non-ironic performance in this spritely and adorable christmas movie . farrell is convincingly sweet and innocent , which is a relief considering how many modern films seem incapable of presenting christmas without its dark and hypocritical elements . buddy unabashedly loves santa and all things christmas , discovers ( through a series of slapstick height-based miscues ) that he really is n't an elf . he determines to travel to new york city to meet his real dad . predictably , dad ( played with understatement by james caan ) is a businessman with a teeny , tiny heart of stone . buddy can decorate a room with hand-made christmas glitz in the blink of an eye . guess who will change by the end of the film ? the last third of the film droops like an underwatered christmas poinsetta , as the plot requires farrell to help santa ( ed asner ) rejuice his sleigh , which has crash landed in central park . a few potential gags about the vaucuity of the media are left hanging , and the ending relies a bit too heavily on the movie clich & eacute ; of cynical , seen-it-all new yorker . nevertheless , `` elf '' was fun to watch , had un uplifting message about the christmas spirit , and just might become a christmas classics .
= wreathed in the christmas spirit
< a fun christmas movie

> these single-serve pods are everything good ; eco-friendly , `` ethically farmed * artesian rosted , '' organic , and when you 're done , it 's ready for the compost bin . other than the `` this side down '' printed on each pod , there are no directions on the package , but they are intended for use in most home and office brewers ... .and i guess perfectly acceptable to use like a tea bag , which i tried and got a very tasty cup of coffee from it.the aroma when you break open the individually wrapped little pod package is tantalizing , and the flavor very robust . the box is full of references to the great bob marley , and the company is owned by his son . there are other icons on the box too , from the coffee producers , ital , who are `` ... committed to sourcing the finest quality 100 % arabica beans '' and `` kicks for cause '' which sends a portion of the proceeds to charity.all in all , this `` exotic floral and berry '' blend makes a very nice cup of coffee , and is extremely handy if you are busy , so get your one love pod in a brewer or cup and enjoy ! i 'm factoring the convenience of the product into my rating . if this was loose coffee , it would get 4 stars .
= aromatic little pods
< very nice , but not a good cup of coffee

> `` kill 'em viki '' , is what i found myself saying during the climax of the movie . i always have to wonder when i start rooting for the `` badguy '' in any movie . right after viki gives her last memorable speech of how the human race is run by self interest , self involvment and self everything ( which is primarily true ) , they decide to shut her down and kill her because the truth hurts . my main question in this movie was , who 's the good guy and who 's the bad guy ? by the end of the movie , i wanted will smith 's character dead and his little counter part 's character to suffer too . not that the robots were anything to cheer about either . their faces were enough to punch , and their pompous laid back attitude is what 's wrong with humanity in the first place . i was more intrigued with the first stage robots . they had kind faces and hearts of gold . a big problem i had with this movie was the miscasting of will smiths character and the fact it ripped alot of the premise of the film off `` blade runner '' . i was impressed with the awesome special effects , it 's just a shame the story did n't live up to the visuals .
= viki rulez
< `` i 'm a fan ''

> on first bite , i found this granola to lack much sweetness . then again , i am comparing it to those sugary cereals that people who are looking into this product are probably trying to avoid . adding some milk , i found that the cereal was very nicely balanced and has a very healthy taste . that means that i felt good after eating it and not weighed down . as for the technical nutritional facts , the ingredients and stats are listed here ( a nice thing about amazon ) . the absence of high fructose corn syrup and the basic natural ingredients are quite reassuring , but , as with all granolas i 've seen , portion control will be needed to keep the calorie count down ( 220 per half cup ) . i found the texture quite good for cereal , crumbly bits and all , which is how i eat it . it may be a bit messy for casual consumption by hand.overall , this is really basic . it would be quite inexpensive and easy to make this yourself . that is not a bad thing , though . it means that when convenience is at a premium , this product carries the benefits and comforts of something homemade . if the price does n't scare you , i would heartily recommend it .
= what are you looking for ?
< basic granola

> scotch pop-up tape refillable deskgrip dispenser is plastic dispenser of pre-measured pieces of tape . the tape is perfect size , 0.74x2 inches with a total of 75 strips of tape , for gift wrapping , sealing an envelope that will not stay closed and for use by young children . for the price i think children will get the most cost effective use of the product for their will be minimum waste of tape . for adults without dexterity problems with full use of their fingers i would think the savings of the regular tape dispenser is still perfect since the cost of the refill is approximately six times the cost of regular transparent scotch tape ( depending on place of purchase ) .the device does work as promise , is convenient to use and best of all ( if you do not mind the price ) is refillable . to refill the dispensers is very easy and takes seconds . though it is made of plastic it feels durable and it is low profile . the rubber pad attached to the bottom does not stop the dispenser from sliding across your desktop but it does a great job of staying attached to your desk when dispensing tape or you try to pull the unit up vertically ; and my desktop is so polished most items slide on it .
= 2 inch tape dispenser
< convenient and easy to use

> skimming through all of the other reviews , it appears that whether this movie is rated highly or not everyone agrees that it begins really strong but loses steam about 2/3 of the way through.i enjoyed the film ... but you can put me in that category as well.the first half is some of the coen brothers ' best filmmaking . the actors are particularly strong in their roles and the storytelling is lean and driven . javier bardem makes the movie , portraying the unstoppable `` ghost '' ( not a literal one but something an old law man likens him to ) always one step behind everyone ... or ahead of them . everyone else you get a good sense of , but this guy you 'd like to see more of , like to try to understand more.but the last section of the film is n't as tight and seamless as the first half . to open a story so well with so little exposition and dialogue , the filmmakers leave us with a unsensational downer ending that looks ( sorry ) sloppy and undeveloped.still , a great movie , but -- in a weird way -- like the big lebowski : fascinating characters , excellent scenes , compellingly watchable ... but uneven .
= looks like there 's a consensus here
< not as good as the first reviews

> when over 600 persons write about an album and that album is & quot ; dark side of the moon & quot ; there is not too much that can be added . i think this probably is one of those & quot ; ten albums i 'd take to a desert island & quot ; but on top of that , intentionally or not , the album ( a continuous stream of music from beginning to end ) happens to fit perfectly the story of the & quot ; wizard of oz & quot ; ... as a soundtrack ! try this : start the movie without sound ; when the warner bros lion roars for the third time , press play on your cd player ; sit back and be amazed ... coincidence ? i seriously doubt it , even more since you can play the cd on a loop and the synchronicity is maintained . the band has never admitted to it , but this is something that only proves once again that the floyd are brilliant !
= the soundtrack to & quot ; wizard of oz & quot ;
< the floyd are brilliant !

> among my test loads were dog beds , smoky bedding , dingy towels , and assorted family laundry . one tee shirt had a grease stain that had already been washed , and had retained the spot . all these things were washed in large loads with no pre-treating , some in warm water , and some in cold . all came out beautifully fresh-smelling and perfectly clean . most surprising was the removal of the grease stain on the tee shirt . i am in the habit of using a 'free and clear ' product because of family members with allergies to many detergents . the tide caused no reaction , and that is terrific , too . i was careful to measure by the cap-lines , to conduct a fair test , so 'extra ' sloshes of the product are not necessary.update : this jug of tide lasted two full months for a family of three , which seems fairly economical .
= lifts stains with minimal product and no allergic response
< tide lasted two full months

> at first , i absolutely loved it ! it was like eating frosted flakes but with a more healthier side ... or so i thought . it is very crunchy and has a nut cluster in every flake . the taste is very sweet indeed . as i went to kellogg 's website , i found a very shocking discovery : the nutritional labels of crunchy nut and frosted flakes are almost identical ! it is they almost trying to fool adults into thinking they are eating a healthy alternative to frosted flakes . therefore it is pretty much just like frosted flakes but with a slightly different texture . for the health conscious : it has 120 calories , 26 grams of carbs ( 9 % dv ) and 11 grams of sugar per serving . a 14.1 oz box contains approximately 13 servings . another fine product from kellogg 's , but still too much sugar .
= frosted flakes in disguise
< crunchy and crunchy

> i have never been a fan of comic books so i guess i was at a disadvantage when i watched this . from what i have seen of spiderman comis this does do a good job staying true to the spirit of the comics.so many movies today rely too heavily on special effects . this is definately one of those . plot exposition and character development come second to displaying great , though overused cgi graphics.the cgi spiderman jumps from building to building with reckless disregard for any sence of physics of laws of gravity . it looks too fake . you know he 's a superhero , but still it looks too cartoonish.kirsten dunst looks great as mary jane and tobey maguire does a great job as peter parker.if you are a fan of comics and comics turned movies this is a must see , otherwise it probably wo n't be worth seeing .
= overrated film . though good adaptation of the comic
< a great comic books

> ok , i 'm sorry but when i see a package that is labeled `` chicken and broccoli '' dinner kit , i sort of expect that there will actually be some chicken and some broccoli included in the box ! although the product , as prepared , is tasty enough ( though not so nutritious with high calories and sodium ) , i do prefer the brands of these easy prep dinner kits that do include the meat in an aluminum can or sealed pouch in the kit . i also think there needs to be more evidence of broccoli in the dish.this item would be great for hungry kids and you could definitely skip the additional step of having to cook and prepare the chicken if you 're in a hurry . the velveeta and pasta are creamy and appealing to that age group .
= quick , cheesy dinner idea ...
< tasty , but not too nutritious

> honestly i need to use this daily ... it was certainly easy enough to use , ( sprayed some on palm to put on face..sprayed over other body areas , armsetc . and rubbed in ) it is cool feeling and its sure not greasy ... i gaveit a 5 star as i did like the easy of use and that its spf 30 , even thoughi was n't wild about the scent , i ca n't fault it for that as it is a sportscented spray . i would like if they offered this item in a second scent likea light coconut , but there are people who would not like that scent , i supposenothing would be a perfect scent ! this was a good , easy to use product thati will purchase in the future for just those reasons .
= easy spray spf 30
< good for the price

> this a real nice mug . the double wall keeps the beverage warm longer than traditional ceramic mugs.i love the handle . the design is both functional and attractive.the tea bag buddy is great . it functions as trice a lid , a tea bag squeezer and a stand.something so simplistic ... very ingenious ! this will be a gift worth giving . ************************************01.30.2012we 'll that was short lived . this mug shattered everywhere . i 'm really glad it was empty when it did this.i was coming downstairs and i lightly bumped it on the stair railing on the way down and this thing exlpoded everywhere . glass shards for 2 flights of stairs.it 's a shame , because i really liked this mug too .
= something so simplistic ...
< nice mug

> coconut oil is one of the recent & # 34 ; it & # 34 ; foods , but is it worth the buzz ? yes . the viva labs coconut oil is high quality coconut oil . it works for cooking , and it works for softening skin and soothing and adding shine to hair.the viva labs coconut oil is more liquid at room temp than others i have tried , so be careful when opening that you do n't spill any . some are more like shortening consistency.like most coconut oils there are no trans fats , but the usda certified organic oil is good if one is using the oil to be healthy.sample provided for honest review .
= good for inner and outer use
< high quality coconut oil

> b12 is absolutely critical for vegans/plant based eaters like our household and the sublingual type is the easiest absorbed . the jarrow b12 fits the bill , so what are the pros and cons ? pros : mega dose ! since there are no ill effects know for large amounts of b12 it 's nice to see someone go crazy . even if you absorb b12 poorly this should be enough.cons : very slow to dissolve.taste is n't great compared to other sublingual b12 supplements i 've used , not horrible but it takes so long to dissolve you get tired of tasting it.not bad for the price , but the cons wo n't make this my preferred source of b12
= good product , a couple of downsides
< slow to swallow , but not great

> freakonomics is written for the lay audience and perhaps that is one of the major reasons why it 's so popular . some sections were more interesting than others.this book is one of those books that will cause conversations . i did n't necessarily agree with some of their assertions or even the data sets that they were using . why ? well , it 's just too easy to use the data set that `` works '' for your hypothesis . that said , this is a good book to read while you 're on vacation . you 'll fly right through it and it 's engaging .
= quick read
< good book for the lay audience

> who does n't need a set of measuring cups ? the oxo good grips measuring cups are in english units ( compared to metric ) and features a rubberized grips which make it easy hold even with wet hands.notes -- seems to be well-built and up to the task for daily use- the handles are easy to hold and make it easy to hold even when they are wet ! - to the best that i can tell they are accurate ! - dishwasher safefinal verdict - we like them ! if you are in the need for measuring cups these are worth a look ! 4 1/2 stars
= they measure up !
< easy to hold , easy to hold !

> yes , these chips ahoy cookies are better than their hard , crunchy counterpart , but they still taste very artificial . also they are not terribly gooey , just very soft , with the chocolate in the middle seperating very easily . i 've had worse and obviously much , much better , but i think some kids would like them regardless . i brought these into work and left them on the counter . they were all gone by lunchtime so i guess some adults who could care less about quality would like them too .
= what can you say about store-bought cookies ?
< better than their hard , but they still taste very artificial

> at the beginning of the film , a barracuda devours nemo 's mother and all his siblings . only his father and the unhatched nemo are left . the deaths are not shown , but the great emptiness afterward is . more scares follow , as nemo ventures off the safe reef and is scooped up by a huge scuba diver looming like a cliff.supporting characters are more annoying than funny . the end is completely predictable .
= kind of scary and predictable
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> like another review said , `` it 's water . `` clear , refreshing , water . the taste ? watery . meaning next to no taste.after effects ? i was hydrated , just like most water does.conclusion : i could buy this water , be hydrated and it does n't have any funky taste . but i could do the same thing with my water filter .
= i am not sure how to do reviews about water
< water , water , water , water .

> this product is carbonated and 100 % fruit juice with no high fructose corn syrup . it has packs 140 calories in a little over 8 oz . of product.i prefer my drinks with 0 calories or just plain water.the taste was n't pleasing to me and it left an unpleasant aftertaste . also , the sweetness of the drink made it less than a thirst quencher .
= i will not be making the switch to switch
< carbonated and carbonated

> i really enjoyed these . i do n't really like to put milk on my cereal and these were a nice snack . individual bags make a great snack on the go . they are not overly sweet , but just enough sweetness that gives them a good taste . i like that they are high protein too . good product .
= slightly sweet and tasty .
< great snack

> excellent book ! full of angst and passion and dark secrets from the past . it was very well written and believe me , the characters were so believable you were living in the story as well . there is quite a bit of angst but the payoff is ohhhh so good . definitely read this book !
= excellent read !
< excellent book !

> interesting concept that many women have debated at one time or the other . you can see disaster written all over it for cassandra , you just do n't quite get the right idea or at least i did n't . i really enjoyed the story & look forward to the next installment .
= mr right or mr right now ?
< interesting

> loved this story , a great follow up to the last one ! ! ! great read , buy it now . no continuation just a good story with a happy ending ! ! ! you r a great writer samantha ! ! ! ! !
= kathy
< great read

> i have loved this series from the very beginning and i could n't be happier with the way it ended ! i was sad to say goodbye the jack and laurelyn but it was great to know they got their hea .
= love , love , love !
< loved it !

> good reading and loved the story ! good book for relaxing . hated for the book to end , wish it had been longer .
= good
< good book

> `` crash '' is a complex movie with a simple premise : set in los angeles it follows 8 main characters ( and many , many more supporting ) from all walks of life and races whose lives intersect at some point during one 24 hour period . these people are all different yet all alienated , to the point of breaking , so much so that when they come together , things explode.the all-encompassing theme of the film is racism , and it is dealt with bluntly , honestly , and without reservation . every single character participates in the perpetuation of the ugly cycle but also suffers because of it.a talented ensemble drives the film , sharing almost equal amounts of screen time , but the folks who really stood out and had my full attention each time were terrence howard ( plays a tv director ) , matt dillon ( as a patrol cop ) , sandra bullock ( a rich housewife ) , , don cheadle ( a detective ) , and michael pe & ntilde ; a ( a locksmith ) . these five gave deeply , deeply felt performances portraying a wide range of emotions and personal situations , giving souls -- alone , yearning , and searching in a world that does n't seem to care -- to shells of imperfect people . but the actors triumph in little moments of human contact : a glance , an embrace , a pause , a smile , a wince , things that breath the film to life and with simple visuals give it profundity . this is beautifully illustrated in a small scene between the downward spiraling jean ( sandra bullock ) and her maid after she 's begun to realize all her problems may not be about the two black guys who car jacked her , but her own life.in the end , everyone is flawed , the racism is inescapable , and the audience feels a twinge of sympathy for just about everyone .
= crash of emotions
< a complex movie with a great premise

> the black box is another welcome entry into the long running harry bosch series . my initial impression is that it is n't a classic , but bosch is still bosch and he still has the drive to deliver justice , even if it is to a case that is twenty years old . bosch is still working old unsolved cases with partner david chu . with the 20th anniversary of the la riots approaching , bosch pulls out the files from an old case that he was just involved with on the outside during the riots . a danish photojournalist , anneke jespersen , was found shot to death in an alley during the riots . bosch and his partner were called to the scene , but did n't have time to properly work the case before being called to another murder.now , twenty years later , they may have a track on the gun that killed jespersen . bosch pursues the lead and moves slowly , tracking the history of the gun before finally finding the black box , or the nugget of information that will finally allow the case to be solved . it may be entirely possible that jespersen was n't just killed as part of the riots , but because of something much bigger.i love the bosch series and connelly 's slow paced writing and characterization . this novel has some funny moments with bosch and chu and some good moments with bosch and his daughter maddie . the 20-year old case does n't quite have the sense of urgency as when bosch is matching wits with a serial killer or a crime in progress . however , bosch 's slow , dedicated pursuit of justice is what keeps the series going .
= classic harry bosch seeks justice !
< bosch is back

> i love novels about witches , vampires , and otherworldy creatures . i 've read anne rice , kelley armstrong , and some of charlaine harris ' novels , and enjoyed them all , some of them i would even say i loved . this book started off really well , and had an engaging premise , vivid descriptions , and lots of magical and vampirical potential . then the book started to go nowhere plot wise , but that was alright as characters were fleshed out and given out personalities , and some deep background was revealed.then the book started to go nowhere as page after page was written detailing the strong emotional pull the two main characters felt for each other . ok ... then the book kept going over the same emotional crap for page after page without any magic , mystery , or anything happening . i put up with this for about 150 more pages , and then said to myself , `` how much more time am i going to give this book to see if it lives up to the potential it showed earlier ? `` i returned to amazon and this time read some of the reviews , a majority of which seemed to echo my thoughts about this book going nowhere . i gave it three more chapters , and had had it . i normally do n't read 50 % of a giant book like this without even skimming to the end , but i like myself too much and decided not to be mean to me , so i stopped.i do n't recommend this book to anyone . unless you like the kind of book i described .
= ugh ... not for men ... wish someone had warned me
< not what i expected

> wet pantie alert - total adult alert ! no stupid misunderstandings and acting like children in this book ! there were siren 's going off in my bedroom last night ! whew ! this book was smokin hot ! i was anxiously awaiting cage and was not disappointed at all.i loved catching up with all the characters . i really wish the next book would be for maddox and emmy next , but it looks like bec and dee are up next.cage starts off with a bang ... literally . however , this bang eventually bites cage in the a** not soon after.i love how these guys just see the girls and wammo ! got ta have 'em . it 's totally hot to me.obviously , if you 've read the 1st book ( and if you have n't , must read that first for this one to make sense ) , you know cage is totally alpha ( well really , they all are ) . our heroine melissa does n't disappoint either.i laughed out load , i cried and i had to get a built in fan for my underwear to keep me cool and dry.this book was great , please read this series if you have n't . if you love a committed alpha hero , a sweet , not to be walked over heroine , and a set of characters that were all made for eachother , this is the series for you.loved it !
= wet pantie alert
< smokin hot !

> i usually use ecos , an evironmentally friendly detergent , along with clorox 2 for stains but i thought i would give this a try . hey , i 'm all for making my life a little easier.well , on the plus side this is very easy to use , no spills , no drips , no sneeze inducing detergent dust ( the real reason i switched to liquid several years ago ) . the fragrance is also very pleasant , floral but not overpowering.on the down side , the tide pods alone were not enough to remove ordinary dirt from the cuffs of my bathrobe . a bathrobe is not something i usually wear while working in the yard or changing the oil in my car , mind you , so i was a little surprised that it could n't accomplish such a simple task . on dark clothes , the pods did remove a little bit of dried mud on my jeans.bottomline , if you pre-treat your stains separately ( do n't rely on the stain pre-treater in the pods ) then this product may be for you . taking that extra step , still saves you time since you 'd only be adding 2 products instead of 3 .
= okay , but not great
< works well , but not for me

> is there really much difference in laundry soap ? maybe and maybe not , it 's hard to know for sure since it is such a competitive market , and with current advertising claims that address contemporary concerns for not harming our fragile environment . but when it comes to actually cleaning one 's clothes , i have n't found any product that is superior to tide ! have you ? i doubt it . and get this , the `` high efficiency '' term seems to be an actual element of the product 's effectiveness ! i really like that a minimal amount of tide coldwater clean can be used ( yes , in cold water ) since i am conscious of all energy saving opportunities . at first , i did not believe that a cold water detergent would be as effective as when used in warmer or hot water . i figured it was an advertising gimmick since i tend to be skeptical and cynical . but i was wrong . it has a nice mild fragrance and even in cold water it washes out dried blood ! this is a great product . but you probably already know that .
= time tested and proven best
< great for fragile environment

> although i 've never really spent the money on scissors other than what you can find at your local wal-mart or office depot ... i was blown away at how these cut ! ! ! thin cardboard ? no problem ! paper ? as smooth as can be ! even plastic ( the typical kind that encloses products from the store ) was cut through like it was nothing . and with a nice , `` cozy '' handle ... what more can you ask for ? i get the feeling these scissors will be in my house , preferred , for a long time ... they are very high quality and i ca n't recommend them more highly . i would have expected to pay more for a pair of scissors like this , so when i got them and they arrived i was really ecstatic at the quality ! these will be on my list for scissors for our whole family ... i need to be off and find a pair for the kids now as well !
= wow , what an awesome pair of scissors ! ! ! !
< i love scissors !

> there is no question that i have definitely loved cups of coffee and tea in the morning to get my day started . lipton has made teas for generations that have hit the nail upon the head . that has shown with their sweet and iced teas . but when i had found out they were going to start making teas with the k-cups coffeemakers , i definitely wanted to give them a shot . their indulge black tea is alright , but not as strong as other teas that lipton has made for years . i found the taste to be good , but they have honestly had better tasting teas . this definitely was a surprise . i felt that it was good , but could 've been much better from the first sip . still , if you want a good tasting tea , i suggest you give this one a shot , but look for something better from lipton in the future.price : c+taste : b-overall : c+
= strong ?
< good , but not great

> it sounded like a neat idea -- sunscreen that cools . i thought it would feel soothing on the skin . my daughters and i were heading for a hike , so i gave it to my 12 year old daughter to put on and she came in crying that her eyes were burning . she had put it on her face -- and no she did n't get it in her eyes , it is just the sunscreen has these cooling vapors that burned her eyes . so , my other daughter and i just used it on our bodies . it felt okay -- a little tingly -- but when my daughter put it on my back where i had a few scratches , oh did it burn and sting.we did spend several hours in the sun and the sunscreen worked fine , but we will stick to the regular banana boat sunscreen from now on . the coolzone idea is much better in theory than in practice .
= cool idea but we did not like it
< it 's ok , but not for me

> i 'm giving one star for each yum.i thought these apple cinnamon fruit crisp snacks were very good -- although they were just a little on the dry side , and in need of a tiny bit more sweetness ( although some of my friends said these were just right -- crispy and sweet ) , they were crispy and very flavorful . my friends with whom i shared these , and i , thought these were very tasty , were great with tea or hot mulled apple cider , and just the perfect size to fit in lunchbox , survival kit or briefcase/suitcase.i also tried them with fresh fruit , and the combination was perfect -- fruit and cinnamon crisp complementing one another.i would really like to give these four and a half stars , with my only `` complaints '' being small ones -- the need ( imho ) for a bit more sweetness and a little less dryness .
= yum yum yum and yum
< very tasty , but a little more sweetness

> i have allergies and my doctor recommends using unscented products that are mild on my skin . while this does have a mild sent it feels great on my skin and i have not had any reaction to it . plus a little of this product goes a long way.all i did was pour a little of this into a wash cloth and used it like i would regular soap . it does not create much of a lather but works as good as my bar soap.this feels nice on my skin . plus since it is in a bottle i do n't have a bar of wet soap sitting on the shelf in my shower.i will use this again.i also tried the dove deep moisture body wash. it has a more pronounced scent but feels fine on my skin and works just as well at the dove sensitive skin body wash. my skin does not react to either product .
= works well and my skin does not react to it .
< works as well as my bar soap.this

> my hubby takes fish oil tabs and so we tried these out to see how they would be in comparison . i thought they smelled a bit opening up the bottle , but as far as taste he said he could n't taste any real difference . it set well with him and he thought they were a bit easier to swallow , though i thought they appear huge . after taking about a week he said they seemed to be about the same as his usual brand . the price i thought was a bit prohibitive for 30 caplets , if you are looking for a deal this probably wo n't be your brand of choice . though the product seemed to be of good quality , we will probably stick with our other brand , which seemed to work just as well and is a bit more cost-effective .
= comparable to others ... .
< good quality , but not great

> lipton has brought out another herbal flavor combining blackberry with vanilla . if you 're a fan of herbal teas , or enjoy teas with vanilla you may really enjoy this one . however a slight warning to those who are just out for something new , blackberry teas tend to be a little bitter ( as is this one ) , and the vanilla does n't really add to the sweetness , it just gives it a more rich flavor . i love tea , flavored teas , herbal , black , green , white you name it , but i would have to say that out of lipton 's huge variety this is not one of my favorites , but it may be one of yours so i still encourage people to try it .
= it 's your flavor !
< a little too rich

> the ready-to-use deer off ii worked very well at repelling squirrels for about 2 weeks , not the claimed three months , and then its effect diminished.i tested the ready-to-use deer off ii in my back yard because i 've had to pick up squirrel droppings to prevent my dog from eating them . i did not find squirrel droppings in my back yard for about two weeks after application to my shrubs and the perimeter of the small yard . two weeks later i 'm finding an increased number of squirrel droppings.its battery operated sprayer worked very well . i like the safety lock just below the sprayer 's trigger . i intend to use the sprayer for my weed killer even though the power could be improved .
= sprayer worked well but limited repellent effectivess
< works well at the price

> my heavens ! mr. martel shows his intelligence level through the bright and fascinating character 'pi ' . the passages were so thought provoking that the character had almost changed my mind about animals 'being better off in zoos than in the wild ' . i was n't completely convinced , but the argument was so stunning and brilliant that it gave me pause . i found myself considering many passages . quite a few were paragraphs of wisdom that people feel compelled to paste to their refridgerators . the symbolism through-out the book will certainly keep the students of literature busy . very well done yann martel ! this novel is on my 'read it twice ' list ... chrissy k. mcvay'souls of the north wind '
= an absolute page turner
< a !

> switch , watermelon strawberry soda is a carbonated soda which is sweetened with fruit juice rather than corn syrup . this flavor is watermelon strawberry and we found it quite refreshing . i thought the can looked quite snazzy and well designed but wondered if its tall narrow can might get it mistaken for an energy drink . although this flavor is watermelon strawberry , tt tastes much like artificial strawberry soda.this is a nice alternative to regular soda , but i do n't see myself buying it that often . the high carbonation makes it less healthy than it is touted and is bad for your stomach . too bad they did n't make it less carbonated or perhaps a non-carbonated version .
= nice idea
< refreshing but not too bad

> kay 's naturals protein honey almond cereal is a gluten free high protein cereal . each package ( serving ) contains 120 calories and 17 % of your daily recommend value of protein ( 12grams ) . as well as 4 grams of fiber and no trans fats.kay 's naturals honey almond cereal reminds me of honey nut cheerios except with not as much of a strong honey flavor . so if you enjoy cheerios or other cereals of a similar nature you will enjoy kay's.it 's a nice gluten free way to start your day without giving up on flavor . i would recommend this to anyone trying to eat healthy .
= gluten free and good for you !
< gluten free high protein cereal

> this book was amazing and words ca n't explain what a fantastic book this was ... the issues raised in this book leaves you with a heavy heart . it was written so well that i could actually feel like i was watching the characters and see their facial expressions ... .i loved sky 's friends ... holder ..omg . what a sweet man , protector ... just loved him ... i loved sky 's sense of humor and her sarcasm ... i loved the bantering between them ... .the sad parts were heartbreaking and the funny parts were hilarious ... this is a must read ... .
= must read
< amazing !

> i am not a big tea drinker but i have to say i was pleasantly surprised with the taste and aroma of this tea . it is full of body as well as flavor . i tried it first without sugar and it was ok a little dry tasting but it still will be good . tried with sugar it was great and refreshing . i also tried with sweet n low and that is the sugar substance i use . i fell in love , this will make me drink more tea . tastes great and refreshing as well .
= great
< great taste

> this snack bar has several good things going for it . if you like the chewy , not crunchy type of bars , you 'll most likely love the texture of these . they contain no preservatives , trans fats , or cholesterol . they are also gluten , soy and dairy free . the combination of dried raw dates and cherries , along with walnuts , cashews and almonds provides a filling , not overly sweet treat . you can purchase these organic bars at a price comparable to many brands sold at the supermarket .
= a healthy , chewy snack
< good snack bar

> great consistency and flavor for your little ones . it 's much better than traditional glass jars , and it 's organic . my guys are a little bit older , but our pediatrician recommended that we add these into baked foods to help with nutrition ( our guys are finicky eaters ) . it 's a great thing to sneak into baked goods.a friend stopped by with a youngin ' , and she tried it out . her baby loved it , and now our friend will buy this .
= nice
< great consistency and flavor

> my two-year old likes to have a pouch of apple sauce when we on the go , so we decided to try this one . first , we tried it ourselves . it tastes very much like pear puree would , but you can definitively feel the broccoli taste . it does have some grittiness as any other pear baby food , though . our son loved it , asked for more `` green apple sauce '' .
= good for on the go
< my son loved it

> these little bags are adorable and add to the whole tea making experience . this tea smells delicious ! like fresh blackberry muffins ! i add a little bit of fat free half and half and that 's it . the flavor is strong but in a good way . it 's a nice way to have a little relaxing treat at bedtime . : )
= delicious !
< adorable !

> this tastes like regular bottled water when it 's first swallowed , but then you get a nasty , distinctly bad/metallic aftertaste . it did n't matter if it was room temp or chilled , out of the bottle or poured into a glass ; still the same taste . i could n't finish the bottle .
= bad aftertaste
< tastes like regular water

> i read this for my young adult literature class . it was fast paced and has a very important ( and different ) narrator . the book talks about nazi germany but also about the growth of a young girl . and what book lover does n't want to know more about the book thief ?
= fast paced , with a very important ( and different ) narrator
< a good read

> wow ! ! i know things like is happen every day , but what an insight into the darker side ! ! i could not put this down . i read this book as part of another book . i just bought the next book , seduced in the dark .
= wow
< wow ! ! !

> this was a cute quick read . i enjoyed it , angel was so amazing , i wish guys in my school were like that when i went . and all those that say it is n't ya appropriate need to open up to what young kids do these days !
= cute little read
< cute read

> this can only be rated ok. it does n't work well in the sun , and it 's not that easy to apply . the price is right and if expense is a factor in your purchase , this will probably work ok for you .
= there are better protectors on the market
< does n't work well

> i did n't love the first movie , and i was n't looking forward for this one . but i liked everything and every character in the second movie , so much more than in it 's predecessor .
= loved this one
< good movie

> this book was so good . i really enjoyed the characters and the story . i am becoming a huge jessica park fan . her writing is amazing .
= flat-out-amazing !
< loved it

> this was a tantalizing read and the characters have scorching chemistry ! ethan blackstone is by far super sexy and his relationship with bryne will keep you wanting more
= ethan
< tantalizing

> i enjoyed this book and was definitely happy with the way the author ended this series . i look forward to more of her stuff .
= great read
< good book

> several of my friends have recently begun buying these low calorie flavored drinks you see in most grocery and convenience stores now . cascade ice is one brand that produces several based off of common drinks like , lemon drop , pina colada and cosmopolitan . they then mix them with their favorite spirit and have a low calorie drink . they 're good because they 're pre-made and portable , but you are paying a premium for that . either way although i 've never been fond of these types of drinks , i was willing to givecrystal light moctails appletinia shot . one thing i can say i immediately liked was the ease of making the drink , it would be great for when my girlfriends come over . additionally because the individual packets are so small , it would be just as easy to take some to a friends house to make . as for the taste , it was pretty good . it definitely was n't as tasty as an actual appletini , but i was n't expecting that . after my initial taste i did add a shot of vodka into my drink and that made it even better in my opinion . i was curious as to how many calories are being saved off your standard appletini and what i found was that the original is about 170 calories vs. the crystal light at just about 5 calories ! overall i believe that crystal light has done a good job of providing a pseudo appletini and i could see myself buying additional flavors to try out .
= enjoy an appletini with 95 % less calories !
< good low calorie calorie drink

> i read all the reviews and despite the negative comments , decided that there were enough postive ones that i would take a chance and read the book . i could n't get through it . i read the beginning , overlooking the many point of view shifts ( i 'd still like to know how she was both in her and his heads at the same time ! ) and stopped at chapter three . then i skimmed the rest of the chapters . the entire plot borders on the `` what were you thinking , girl ? '' realm , to both the author and protagonist . i could n't decide if lexi was in her twenties or teens . that goes for her friend chyna , too . and jack ... based on what i read , he and bridezilla deserve each other . there were many ways this story could have gone , but it just seems as if whoever was reading this for ka linde must have been her friends , rather than serious critique partners , because of the fact that they allowed her to get away with so many inconsistencies in her characters ' developments ( or lack thereof ) . i think i 'll wait until she hones her skills a bit more before i try reading another of her books . i do n't enjoy being jarred from the story as often as i was in this one .
= amateur-ish
< i could n't get through it

> i like to keep nuts in my purse for a quick snack and was looking around for something like this . i keep almonds , walnuts and pecans in this and eat them for my on the go snack every day.another thing this gets used for here is an apple , which fits into this perfectly to keep it clean in my purse until i can eat it . it also seems to keep the apple fresh for days.this has a zipper and is a nice slick tough plastic like fabric that i can turn inside out and rinse off to clean . i can also turn it inside out and put it in the dishwasher or laundry . it keeps the nuts fresh . i like the bright blue crazy dr. seuss fabric too . my purse is so full and cluttered that this is easy to find in it . i fill this up every morning and head out . it 's perfect and does n't look tacky like a regular zip lock baggie would . it 's a handy little item that is just the right size for a quick snack . i also take a lot of supplements every day and want another one to hold a days supply . i plan to get more of these in different sizes and patterns .
= great item
< great snack

> this book broke my reader 's heart ! we have a couple who have been in love for a long time and have suffered through several miscarriages . we then have the 'fallout ' of those horrific losses . we then have have the resulting loss of communication between the married couple.enter the guy who is clearly a 'calgon take me away ' kind of man . he 's fun . he 's lively . he 's handsome . he 's a 180 difference from the husband . yes ... .the marriage takes a turn for the worse and the ensuing drama ( s ) are heartrending and emotional.i felt for every character . the wife . the husband . the lover . especially the lover since he is the one who clearly needs the right woman to 'show him the way ' . he 's lost.this is a terrific story . up to now my favorite story of the same type genre was 'what they call sin ' by philippa grey-gerou ( not currently in print or kindle ) . this book ... ..is better and now my number one favorite in it 's subject matter ( marriage/infidelity ) .i 'm hoping for a follow-on story for the guy who was left 'broken ' . thank you dear authoress .
= seldom does a book make me feel so much ... ...
< i 'm hooked !

> the wonderful world of fiction reading offers numerous genres . there is mystery , adventure , action , horror , and even romance . this book has elements of each . the combined elements in this book make for a rip roaring read.lee child writes in a straight forward style that is sure not to remind anyone of p.d . james or even john dunning . lyrical it is not . this is not a knock . just a simple observation . the voice in the book is that of the main character jack reacher . reacher is a former military policeman , who has a rambo like skill when it comes to combat.i read the killing floor by by lee child in a short period of time . because i could not wait to get to the next chapter . i could not wait to find out how the book ended . and what sinister force was behind the utopic little town of margrave that reacher finds himself in.barely before you have had time to turn a few pages , there has been an arrest , murders , and lessons on counterfeit money.clear some time , because once you enter the world of reacher , the thrills and chills come a mile a minute .
= killer book
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i do n't even know what to say about this book but it took my heart apart and put it back together . it is so amazing that i think i highlighted the entire book.the writing is gripping and will hold you engrossed in the story ... even after it has ended . the characters are real , rich and damaged . you will love them , hurt with them and cheer for them throughout the book . the secondary characters are just as strong as the primary characters and you just want more of them.this book will touch you ... so be ready.one of my favorite quotes : `` there is no set pattern to grief , despite what every stupid psych text has told me . there is no time frame that dictates when and how you 'll feel what you feel . you just get to deal with hell however , and whenever , it hits you . `` this book is going on my all time favorites list ... it is a must read for 2013 ! the heartache , romance , love , and a hea is what makes this book ! i will leave you with a great quote : `` together we kick heartbreak 's ... ! ''
= amazing ! ! ! loved every word !
< a must read ! ! !

> i am often frustrated by novels over 500 pages , coming away with the feeling that a hundred or more pages could have been edited out without much loss . that was not my experience when i read the girl who played with fire : i wanted the story to continue . having been introduced to lisbeth salander in the first book of this trilogy , the girl with the dragon tatoo , i was looking forward to her return along with mikael blomkvist in the girl who played with fire . we learn more about lisbeth in this book , and see her use her prodigious skills to carry out justice . there are plenty of questions remaining , and some of those may be addressed in the next novel . in the meantime , reading the girl who played with fire satisfies a lot of curiosity , especially about lisbeth 's past . i read this quickly , enjoyed it thoroughly , and look forward to reading the third book in this trilogy , which was the last book larsson completed before he died in 2004.rating : four-star ( highly recommended )
= depth
< lisbeth

> freakonomics is a short little book by award winning economist steven levitt that tackles many interesting subjects . some of the most intriguing chapters include ones on the cause of decreasing crime in the 1990s and how powerful information can be to real estate agents and kkk members.this is a fun quick read but could have been better if it had been longer and had more direction . the authors admit their book does n't have a theme , but it would have been nice to tie all of the author 's premises together in a unifying theme.still , this is a fun book that does n't really teach you anything but does shed light on a few subjects . for example , to be a good parent it matters who you are , not what you do . very few people get rich selling crack cocaine . your child 's name has little to do with his future success . and finally , swimming pools are more dangerous than guns to the safety of children and child safety seats really do n't help that much .
= interesting but rambling , no point to the facts
< fun quick read

> there are both good and bad qualities of this product.good : it is vaseline - it does a great job of coating the lips and repairing dry and cracked lips.bad : it 's super tiny . it does look adorable , but what is the point of it being adorable if it is n't very practical.the small size makes it easily portable to just throw in a purse or something , but i feel like it is so small that it will get lost easily.i wish the lid was a flip-top lid . maybe it 's just a problem i have , but when i go to take the lid off a lot of times it goes flying off and i have to pick it up off the floor . this means i could lose it easily , but it also means that i have to get all the cat hair off of it as vaseline is very sticky and picks up everything.i would say the product itself is great and i would highly recommend it in a more practical container .
= miniature vaseline
< adorable , but not very small

> this taco bell spicy ramchero sauce lives up too its name ; spicy as you would expect in a condiment for the general public . it surprised ... of the three i expected this too be my least favorite but it comes in number two . i prefer thetaco bell chipotle sauce , 8-ounce ( pack of 6 ) . this spicy ranchero sauce works well on burritos , tacos , salads etc . a versatile condiment.as their other 'bold & creamy ' products two tablespoons of this sauce contains 100 calories from fat and a total of 110 calories per serving size . the serving size is the aforementioned two tablespoons . it taste good just be aware of its high fat content and calories . when serving size is measured by the spoon full you know the calories are high . but a single spoonful goes a long way . i would consider purchasing this as my second choice of the three sauces . does give some of that taco bell flavoring .
= spicy ranchero
< spicy and tasty

> this is a story of 2 orphans who drift through the `` system '' in different decades . vivian was on the orphan train to the midwest during the late 20s and molly is a 17 year old in the foster care system today . when they meet they can see themselves in each other and a family is made.i loved the characters and the storyline . molly and vivian are meant to be family in every way . i could not wait for the next chapter and learn what the next development was . the story flows smoothly from the present to the past with an honest look into the pros and cons of foster care , then and now . of course , the hardships of the 20s and 30s have been corrected today , but these are stories that need to be heard to ensure that the past is not repeated.highly recommend !
= the past and present merge and family is found ...
< a story of the 20s

> every summer i plant some spices and vegetables . i was excited to get a nice variety with this kit . the kit comes with a somewhat helpful guide and each pod tells you the average germination times . this kit is simple to use but , it is also simple to put some seeds in soil . actually , you will end up spending more money on this than getting the individual seeds . i ca n't comment to much on the product yet , as the seeds are still sprouting . i will be updating this review as soon as i they grow.i did have a few concerns . there is a warning that says that 94 % is biodegradable . besides soil , seeds and soil components , what is in this thing . considering the not so good reputation of miracle-gro , this has me worried .
= a bit overpriced but simple to use
< simple to use but not a good product

> to be honest i do not really get lipton 's concept here but i am going to rate a few things.price : excellent for what you gettaste : very good . a little too citrus flavor for mepyramid shape : this is the concept i do n't really get but the shape does stand up better in cups . probably an unintended result.herbal qualities : lipton , for years , only had caffeinated teas . as they venture into this area , they keep the market competitive and costs lower . they can provide much lower prices than their competitors as they are larger . this is a very good outcome for consumers who like only herbal teas.overall quality very good and a very tasty tea especially if you like the fruity aspects . i would have loved for the vanilla flavor to be stronger . my personal preference .
= lipton herbal pyramid tea bags
< very good

> when it has came down to graham crackers , we 've honestly seen some ups and some downs . but when it does come right down to it , taste is the # 1 thing . for back to nature , they have pretty good tasting crackers . the apple cinnamon does taste very good , but honestly i was hoping for a bit more of the apple & cinnamon to be driven into the taste of the crackers . still , the goodness of whole oats , make it very strong and worth its money . sadly , you just do n't get as many as you do from other brands like honey maid . still , if you 're looking for something else in the way of taste , you might want to give back to nature a natural try.price : c+taste : b 1/2-overall : b-
= back to taste
< graham crackers

> i loved the rhythms and flavors of `` the help . '' what a first novel for stockett . i thought there were parts that were incredibly naive on stockett 's part , such as the willingness of the different maids to talk to skeeter at that time in history . but overall i thought the book felt authentic.i imagined being in a discussion group while reading this - a mixed group african/american and caucasian . from reading the different reviews , i see that the two groups seem to have much differing ideas on the book.from reading some of the other reviews , there are some other books i am going to read and maybe get a different side of the story -coming of age in mississippiby anne moody ; wenchby dolen perkins-valdez ; mudboundby hillary jordan ; andtheir eyes were watching godby zora neale hurston .
= amazing first novel
< i liked the book , but ...

> the prestige is a slow , tepid , and completely annoying film thanks to all those tricks and twists . i ca n't believe how boring this film was , christian bale is a talented actor but his character makes you just want to punch him about 500 times , he is so unappealing in this role . to my surprise hugh jackman is the character you feel the most sympathy for , too bad he plays such a sucker in this one . and oh god that old-looking , shallow , and unattractive scarlett johanseen is enough to ruin anybody 's day , ugh ! the film has a good premise but all the `` i got you '' surprises becomes too much and i lost interest after 45 minutes , the ending was cruel and lacked spontaneity . stay away from this stinker .
= hated it !
< slow , shallow , and , and , and , and , and , and

> this story is about jason and becca and starts off with them in high school and follows them until after college . both have strained home lives , jason much more than becca 's . these two are everything you could hope for in a couple . no drama really and totally in love with each other . they have tragedies happen around them that they fumble in dealing with , but they as a couple are strong throughout the book . some hot sex scenes . i personally prefer a bit more drama and i will say i am glad i did not read the book because i think i would have been disappointed- sounds odd i know but listening to their story i did not feel like it was a bland love story but thinking about it afterwards it kind of was .
= bland love story
< good story

> the concept remains the same . the t-101 model terminator ( arnold schwarzeneggar ) comes from the future to protect john connor ( nick stahl ) , the future savior of the human race , from a more advanced model ( kristanna loken ) sent to destroy him . this time , it happens simultaneously with the long-dreaded ascendance of skynet and the revolt of the machines.t3 lacks the freshness of t1 and the intelligence and human drama of t2 , but it certainly delivers as a special-effects laden thrill ride . it also benefits from some genuinely unexpected events toward the end of the film . very entertaining .
= blows up real real good
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> delicious ! all gone in one day , the kids gobbled them down , the wife gobbled them down and the dog would have if we let her . i managed to snag a few for an official taste test . a layer of oreo cookie , filling , fudge creme coating and a hint of mint ! that comes after you 've taken a bite and pleasantly fills your palate with a rush of mint ! ! ohhhh..soo good ... .best served with a glass of milk..enjoy ...
= too good to ignore ...
< delicious !

> i do n't eat anything with cheese and this is no exception . my husband made it for himself , but not without stinking up the entire kitchen with a vile stench . it did n't look much better in the skillet . he ate a plateful , mentioned it was `` alright '' and we threw the rest away . my husband loves cheese but i could clearly see that even he would not be purchasing this in the future ... .
= um no ...
< not bad , but not great

> i have about 40 dvds but i would sell the great majority of them to have this movie on dvd.it is without a doubt a great film and i ca n't wait to see the extended version.my birthday is this month and for 3 months i 've been telling my wife that this is the only gift i want ! the two towers -- -this december !
= i 'd sell my collection !
< the best movie of the year !

> this book is my favourite in this series so far . we still catch up with liam and josephine but this is harrison and katelyns story . harrison omg he is so easy to love . i love that josephine gets a good man . she deserves it after mason . you have to read this series in order .
= fantastic read
< love it !

> this is a classic adventure , sci-fi , thriller , whatever you wan na call it . you can feel the dread as each one of the group is taken out until one remains . and i think the music in this film really adds a lot to the tension and anxiety of the story . great film
= loved it since i first watched it
< classic

> because i wasnt . this is not a scary movie . it 's pretty annoying and stupid . the characters wear foil on their heads . after watching this and unbreakable , i 'm starting to think shyamalan has lost his touch . next time i 'll be more cautious .
= was i supposed to be scared ?
< i 'm not a scary movie

> like his earlier & # 34 ; flight 93 & # 34 ; , despite knowing how it turns out , the director has produced a tension filled retelling of the story everyone thinks they know . good acting by all . an ocean to avoid .
= black flag flying
< good acting by all the story

> i liked the drama but i do n't really care much for the characters . i find them unlikeable and unbelievable . i think i might be done with this series ... .but then again i 'm so close to wrapping it up . hmmm ... ..
= urgh ...
< not what i expected

> i like the 6 foot length , and i really appreciate the price of this cord . it makes for a great alternative to the apple-standard version , and alternatives to the apple brand are not always easy to find .
= sweet
< great price

> this is a pleasant to use foam that really leaves the face clean and soft.the pump releases the light , very faint smelling foam.the price is great and so is the product . a good bargain for the price .
= leaves face soft and smooth
< great foam

> i love ryan and taryn 's relationship . while taryn character sometime is overly unsecure it is well explained why . i stayed up late reading not wanting the story to end and found it was an easy read .
= completely enjoyed
< good story

> excellent movie . love denzel washington . also this movie keeps my fear of flying going . movie moves fast and denzel is at his best , one fantastic actor .
= denzel at his best
< the best movie of the year

> two unlikely people coming together in a moment of unease . this book touched on self-defense , giving love a chance and making new healthy life choices
= easton indeed
< love

> absolutely the best book.please everyone read this book .do n't forget the other one 's to.you wo n't be disappointed.i feel so sorry for her .
= wow
< the best

> your 14 year old son is arrested for murdering a classmate . you are the district attorney originally in charge of the case . when your son is a suspect , you are placed on administrative leave to avoid conflict . although you vehemently believe in his innocence , would you destroy a knife in his possession that matches a description of the murder weapon ? how far would you go to protect your child ? in this taut , suspenseful story , andy barber is in that exact position . he is not open to any suggestion that his child might have done the murder . he pursues other suspects , destorys potential evidence , ignores warning signs and faces his past that he has kept hidden from his family . as more and more evidence points to jacob , his son , the more stubborn he becomes that his child is innocent . he believes jacob 's behavior is normal teen-age behavior . his wife , laurie , evolves in another direction and considers that jacob might be guilty . as time progresses , the family grows farther and farther apart . no one is working because of the legal case and jacob no longer attends school so they are together all the time , isolated from the outside world . so close and , yet , so far apart.this is a well written , fast paced novel in the style of turow 's `` presumed innocent . '' in both of the books , there are so many unexpected twists and turns . and , as in good thriller , i never saw the end coming . it 's a great book and my favorite of 2012 .
= how far would you go to defend your child ?
< a great thriller

> you 've all seen the original 1933 version of king kong , right ? it was awesome . it was shockingly good for its day.to the preservationists who say that one should only re-make bad movies ... not good ones ... think this : one should re-make old good movies and make them as good or better . that 's what this film accomplishes.king kong 2005 ( preserved circa 1933 in living color with today 's style fx ) retains the original 's storyline to the tee , but gives this classic a beautiful 21st century treatment.it 's 3 hours long . the first hour is a bit ( unnecessarily ) character development heavy . but the action filled subsequent 2 hours makes this version of the classic well worth the price of purchase . the 2005 version of king kong is as true to the original story as a preservationist could possibly ask , and it keeps the viewer captivated as if seeing the true 8th wonder of the world for the first time ever.if you 're thinking that this could be another attempt similar to the atrocious 1976 debacle re-make of king kong think again . all of the impressionable scenes and impressionable lines from the 1933 story are preserved . and some great scenes are added that movie magic could not have possibly imagined back when the original was shot.so for a re-make , this is tops . from a director that knows how to weave a terrific story.action fans , do n't pass on this . monster movie fans , do n't pass on this . preservationists , do n't pass on this.king kong 2005 is as classic as its 1933 original .
= remaking kong
< the best king kong movie of the year

> m. night shyamalan has been hailed as the next spielberg with such writing/directing/producing credits as the sixth sense , unbreakable , signs & amp ; his new venture , the village , and rightly so , in my humble opinion . this film is generally unlike the sixth sense & amp ; unbreakable . that is precisely why signs received mixed reviews from critics at the box office.mel gibson stars as the newly widowed ex-reverend/father graham ness . along with his younger , ex-baseball hero brother , merrill ( joaquin phoenix ) and two young children , son , morgan and little daughter , bo ( rory culkin , abigail breslin ) , the recently faithless ex-minister & amp ; his family experience accidents , death , crop circles , extra-terrestrials , and much more while director/writer/ producer shyamalan pursues a spookfest with great ( thank you , h.g . wells ) & quot ; war of the worlds & quot ; undertones.while the whole ness clan re-evaluates their spiritual past , present and uncertain future , graham & amp ; merrill debate/discuss what kind of people they really were while growing up , what kind of people they are now and what the experience that they go through in the film makes them out to be in the end . there are many a spiritual idea/moral to this odd story by shyamalan & amp ; certainly worth a look-see . does the ness family perceive a phenomenal occurrence as a series of spiritual signs and heavenly portents , or do they only believe in fate , chance , luck and divine providence ? watch this oddly , extraordinary film and find out for yourself.happy watching !
= m. night shyamalan 's atypical religious/sci-fi pic
< `` i 'm a classic ''

> larson 's skill at narrating non-fiction is unparalleled and the topic of his latest book is extremely intriguing . he makes history accessible and entertaining . this book follows the dodd family to hitler 's berlin in 1933 when patriarch william is granted the post of us ambassador . the early days of hitler 's reign is a tumultuous time in the country 's history and the narrative is laced with a sense of trepidation . during dodd 's 4-year stint as ambassador , he encounters various diplomats , foreign agents and high-ranking nazi officials , including hitler himself . his daughter martha is initially enamored with the spectacle and she quickly immerses herself in the splendor of high society . her many affairs ( with nazis , ambassadors , and a russian nkvd agent ) are only one factor tarnishing her father 's reputation . dodd struggles with the opulence of diplomatic life , the violence towards foreigners and jews , and hostility from home . his warnings to the us government go unheeded because of shallow political squabbling and america 's desire for isolationism.this is an eye opening portrait of germany during a fundamental time in its history . many are hoping something will cause the nazi regime to topple , but because of the complacency of other governments and of the german people themselves , hitler continues to rise unchallenged . though dodd 's predictions for the fate of the nation prove accurate , his associates consider his assessments as alarmist . anyone interested in wwii will love this book and its portrayal of pre-war germany .
= great history !
< a portrayal of germany

> in the morning i do n't do well with a high carb breakfast so i 'm constantly on the look out for high protein alternatives . kay 's naturals has higher grams of protein than many cereals so i found it more satisfying than say cheerios which has 3 grams of protein per serving versus 12 grams for this cereal . actually it is kind of like eating a fluffy cheerio.to me the cheerio shaped cereal had enough sweetener to avoid adding honey or sugar to the cereal so that was a plus . my main issue with the cereal was the fluffy composition of it -- just did n't feel that filling going down . usually if i eat a high carb cereal i 'm starving around an hour or two later , but with this cereal , whether fluffy or not , i found i was fine . i got hungry mid-morning , but not the starving or craving for food that comes after eating a low protein breakfast . so that was a big plus for me ! i do recommend this cereal . if you are used to soy based grains in your diet you wo n't have any problem adjusting to this cereal . if you do n't eat soy on a regular basis you may need to give the cereal a second or third chance ! if you have a gluten intolerance -- i think you 'll like this as a substitute for wheat based cereals !
= not the best taste , but high protein
< not bad , but not great

> 4 of 10 people found the following review helpful : no , wait ... ... on second thoughts , do make me laugh . after all , this film is described as & quot ; hilarious & quot ; by rolling stone or something . & quot ; two thumbs up & quot ; ! well are you in for a slow-moving piece of mood music . yes , if you keep in mind that it 's about loneliness , etc . and there 's a great performance by bill murray , and you have a couple of hours to kill without wanting any recompense , go ahead and watch it . it does succeed in immersing you in its molasses-paced arthouse study of whatever it is the critics said it was a study of , but it 's hardly hilarious.sure , murray might have turned in a great performance . but so what ? it 's like following a complete stranger around for a week , and not a terribly interesting one at that . his subtle performance is stretched out over too much time.you might have guessed i do n't have much patience for movies that do n't go anywhere in two hours . you might also have guessed i 'm not paid to watch stuff like this , but instead have to pay for the privilege . all i know is , i did n't enjoy it much , and i want my money back .
= hilarious ? do n't make me laugh
< a study of a stranger

> this was a really well written novella -- until it was n't . a novella , that is . i think this could best be classified as a few chapters that introduce a novella . i downloaded this some time ago , so i do n't know if the description has changed or not , but i know that when i finally got around to reading , i was surprised to find the story end abruptly with a notice that the next installment of lukas and sienna 's story is available now . so , be forewarned.as to the story itself , i did n't find it to be amazing , but i did find it entertaining and the writing was decent . lukas is a bad-boy rock star and sienna is a good girl who is working on the set of his current music video . there 's instant attraction , and she fights it for about ten seconds . they have one date . i 'll leave out the details , but suffice it to say that the story ends rather abruptly shortly thereafter . while it was written well enough , it was n't well enough for me to want to purchase that next installment , especially because i have no idea whether it will be the last or whether i 'll have to purchase more to get a full book .
= just an installment , not a novel
< a really well written novella

> the book opens , as usual , with harry agonizing over his summer with the dursleys , wishing he were back at hogwarts . suddenly , harry is whisked away to `` the order of the phoenix '' in london ; the headquarters for dumbledore 's small anti-voldemort group . finally , after about 200 pages of shouting and unfinished sentences , harry is back on the hogwarts express to school.this year at school , there are a few changes : ron gets on the quidditch team and he and hermione are now prefects . cho is coming on to harry , and a sadistic new dada teacher is making life miserable for everyone . the kids have to study all the time for their owl exams . basically , the next 500 pages concern the everyday goings on at school - and we never learn harry 's exam results . i kept waiting for something to happen ... some new insight into snape 's role in the order , dumbledore getting closer to harry ... but nothing . in fact , dumbledore does n't even speak to harry for most of the story . the story does allow harry to grow up , come more independent , emotional , and aggressive . the story is the the weakest of the series so far , although fans will certainly want to read it .
= harry potter and the terrible teen years
< harry is back

> where do i start ? ? ? well , i drank the kool aid and bought this book based on the hottest cover ever and that steamy synopsis . well ... if you are looking for a book based on that synopsis , this is n't it . i expected steam and s ! x to be ozzing off the pages ! ! ! yeah , that did n't happen . book was pretty pg 13 up until the last third of the book ! ! ! ! ! ! what a huge disappointment ! ! ! i expected this to be the most erotic book ever based on that synopsis ! ! ! ! ! ! instead , i struggled to even finish the book which was really about a rather weak and broken man ! yeah , he 's hot but , boys got issues . and who pays that much for such basic training ? ? the twist.. really ? ? ? that was n't even needed.i feel like other issues should have been addressed that were n't and the book comes to a close very abruptly . leaving me with a lot of questions..book cover and synopsis is a 100 stars . but the actual book we got was only three stars because despite the excellent writing , i feel like i was duped .
= do n't judge a book by its cover ! !
< i expected steam !

> i used to drink crystal light over 10 years ago . the choices were minimal : tea , tea with lemon , lemonade and pink lemonade . at my job we have an area set up so employees can buy snacks and this variety pack . tired of soda , i opted to try the crystal light on the go wild strawberry-energy . i instantly loved it . this is coming from a person who really does n't care for strawberries.unlike another poster i did n't find it too strong . i do find the cherry pomegranate a tad powerful , but still yummy . the last two-lemonade and raspberry lemonade- are also delicious.having tried the wild strawberry at work i thought i 'd see if amazon had it and it did . while i know purchasing an item this way is more expensive per serving , i prefer it this way . when i make a pitcher of a drink i tend to get tired of it and it ends up going down the drain . now that is a waste of money ! if you like crystal light then i 'm pretty sure you 'll like these flavors . none of them are my favorite ( i prefer fruit punch and pink lemonade ) but i really like this product .
= they have definitely changed things !
< great for crystal light

> just like different brands of regular bottled waters have their own taste to them , so does this avitae . it reminds me of the most un-softened water you can think of . it tastes a lot like the water we get straight from the tap here in northern minnesota ( we have really good water ) . i do n't drink coffee at all , next to no soda at all and basically just drink black tea and water . so any caffeine i get usually has to be in the form of a hot cup of tea , not always the best beverage for warm summer days . with this avitae , i can have a cold bottled water on hot days and still get an energy lift from caffeine . also if you decide you want to liven up the water a little , you can add a few drops of drink mix to it to turn it into whatever kind of drink you want . mixes likemio strawberry watermelon , crystal light on the go natural lemonade packetsandvitamin squeeze energy drink , fruit punchwould be perfect to have on hand in case you 're out and want to give your caffeinated water a boost of flavor . i love this stuff , and will be ordering more !
= tastes like plain water , love it !
< great taste , great taste !

> i have been baking for a long time and have used the same measuring cups for years . i have the one cup and the 1/3 cup left , so it was time for a new set . these oxo cups attracted me because of the shape , they look new and modern.what i found were cups that feature permanent , bright , color-coded numbers so that measurement markings are easily recognizable . i removed the cups from the ring because i like them separarte when i use them , and really do n't find i need them all together . they all go in the same drawer as my measuring spoons , so i know where to find them . the color code makes it easy to identify each cup . i usually dip the cup in the flour or sugar and use a knife to scrape off excess . they are very easy to wash and i wash them by hand by habit , but if busy can put them in the dishwasher.the measuring cups have a heft to them , do n't fall over and are easy to use . no complaints and no problems from me . i expect to use these measuring cups for years of good baking ! recommended . prisrob 04-24-13
= oxo are fab
< easy to use , easy to use

> i am addicted to this series , but at the same time i 'm getting close to the point where i 'm ready to move forward a bit . in the 13th installment we get a surprise appearance from a very missed character from another hmw series but we also get a very shocking moment with sean that just did not sit well with me.the one thing i 've loved about this series from day one is sean . he is broken and as damaged as they come - but he has always seemed to do the right things ; even when acting like a jerk . you knew his reasons behind his constant pushing of avery - for the first time his actions just could not be justified.the series seems to be giving us far more twists than answers ; i am not sure how much longer it will continue on . i know i 'll still read them , but i am getting a bit more frustrated with the dramatic cliffhanger endings and not getting any story line resolutions . hopefully with trystan , bryan and jonathan 's books heading our way soon - we 'll start to see the hea form for avery and sean .
= on the fence ... .
< i am addicted to this series

> wow . i was thrown through so many loops in this book . now , understand there are grammar issues but who cares . the story surpasses any errors . ember and trace 's story was intense , sexy , sweet , did i mention sexy ? i tried to figure out this plot , every time i got close a twist would happen . i jokingly took a guess at what the final outrageous twist would be , i actually got it partially right - but got goosebumps as i read it unfold.this story is wonderful . do n't miss out on this experience because of possible errors . you can get lost in this story and you wo n't be disappointed.there were so many different players that i felt i needed one of those police boards with pushpins and yarn - tracing all the possibilities . this was a romance , a suspense , a mystery and a drama all rolled into one . what started off as a good girl bad boy story slowly opens into so much more . once secrets are uncovered , this story explodes .
= loved it . do n't let grammar-nazis steer you wrong .
< wow !

> i listened to the unabridged audio version of harry potter and the deathly hollows and really think this was the best harry potter book so far . it was spectacularly narrated and , is 19 cd 's long , which is probably why i have n't written a review for a while.i particularly enjoyed the environment in this latest one . it is darker and more urgent . harry , hermione and ron are on the run ! harry must find horcrux 's which contain bits of voldemort 's soul . our heroes are also battling uncertainty , doubt , and betrayal . i particularly enjoyed the fact that dudley seemed to have shown a kinder side , and the revelation about aunt petunia was just fascinating . i almost felt bad for her.i enjoyed the backstory with lily/snape which explained a lot . i only wish harry 's dad had been less cruel towards snape.overall , this was a spectacular conclusion to the hp series , although , i think i could 've done without the epilog at the end . it did n't add anything .
= excellent
< the best harry potter book so far

> as a youthful beach lover , i used zinc oxide to protect my skin prior to and while surfing.cotz pediatric spf 40 , 3.5 ounceis small enough to be carried on an airplane . the formula uses zinc oxide to protect skin from the sun 's harmful rays as an spf of 40. the small tube should suffice a weekend trip to the beach with conscientious reapplications as directed every couple hours . having no noxious scents , the cream can be rubbed into dry skin and it does protect . i 've experienced no irritation or negative effects on my sensitive skin but i have noted a residual coating on things which have ome into contact with me while i 've been wearing the product . because it 's quite expensive , i will not suggest that my niece in tampa use it for her baby instead of her current sunscreen , but will keep it in mind for weekend trips because of its small size . it 's a good product but zinc oxide really is n't very expensive .
= zinc oxide protects delicate skin
< good product but zinc oxide

> my first thought when removing these from the packaging was how sturdy they feel . the rubber on the handle is nice and tight and although i tried to bend the handles , i did n't have any luck . the number imprinted on the hand is big and visible , and the cups easily pop off the included ring with a slight twist . i 've had no issues with these cups tipping over when i set them down on the counter and i really like their heft , especially when compared to the flimsy , plastic cups i was using before.my only complaints is that even though i have small hands , the handles are a bit on the short side . also , the ring is n't attached to any of the cups so it would be possible to lose it . overall , even though they 're a bit on the pricey side , these are very nice measuring cups and i have a feeling i 'll be using them for years to come .
= sturdy and aesthtically pleasing
< nice measuring cups

> there is no question that there are some people who ca n't have a heavy tasting coffee , largely from the caffeine or the roasting of the beans . especially , those who have ailments like acid reflux disease , or antacid . fortunately , there are coffees that are really good and safe to taste . for puroast , they have made some specialty coffees for all that is safe and secure to drink , like their low acid french roast . the taste is absolutely very strong , and holds up well with more popular brands like maxwell house and chock full o ' nuts . i really liked the the taste of it , and if you are looking for a safe and secure coffee to drink , give puroast low acid coffee a try.price : c+taste : boverall : b 1/2-
= coffee for all
< strong

> being a fan of schick razors ( i use the hydro 5 ) , i got the schick quattro for women trimstyle razor & bikini trimmer.the trimstyle razor uses schick quattro for women refill cartridges , which are the same razors used in the schick quattro for women high performance razor . this simplifies replacing the razors if you use both of these products.the razor/trimmer 's strong point is that it is waterproof . the razor is on par with other schick products . the trimmer works fairly well . there was a small issue with the razor head popping off which is probably caused by the placement of the proximity or placement of the finger rest.at any rate , the razor/trimmer does a good job for its intended use and i would recommend it .
= offers great razor performance , satisfactory trimmer
< good razor

> i noticed the other day that there was still one of these minicongo digestive support treats in my car , so i guess max and ginger do n't count it as a favorite ; your mileage may vary on that count . on the other hand , the ones they ate did seem to be easy on their digestion ; ginger was puking up almost everything she ate at the time , but she had no trouble keeping these down . i would say that they are worth a try , especially if your dog does n't do too well with rawhide or other traditional treats .
= dogs do digest them well , but not their favorite
< max and ginger

> i wanted to try a b12 supplement that is easy to take . i have a hard time swallowing pills so these lozenges were a fine choice . they can be chewed and have a pleasant taste . i used to get b12 shots a while back and they game me lots of energy . these lozenges do n't give the same amount of energy as the shots did , but they do seem to make me want to do more .
= easy to take and seem to increase my energy
< easy to take

> 4.7 starsthese are indeed super sticky but removable , and are perfect for homebrewers and any others needing long-lasting labels that can later be removed.a good product at a reasonable price that delivers as advertised.it sure is nice to be part of the vine program when you can find things that you 'd be buying anyhow . when these run out , i 'll buy more , and that 's all i can ask for when i get free stuff !
= does what it advertises , at a fair price
< super sticky , removable , and are perfect for homebrewers

> jesse is omw in caveman antics but i would take a slice of caveman cake for sure . ava while acts like a 2 year old sometimes deals for the most part rather well with the controlling boyfriend . there was some shocking surprises that i was not expecting towards the end and thourghly enjoyed . great book and can hardly wait for the last book in the series . hurry up ! ! !
= a slice of caveman cake
< great book

> the bumkins reusable sandwich and snack bag is the perfect size for a youngster 's snack . he loves the blue color and the dr. seuss characters on it : `` nobody else has one like that . '' the zipper on top is easy to grasp and slide for little fingers . it 's washable and reusable & mdash ; which is good for environment .
= perfect size for a snack
< perfect for a youngster 's snack

> andrew and aubrey meet on a chat board and talk and text and email for almost six months when lies come out for an intern ship . things move fast because andrew hates liars and cuts them out of his life . but something about her changes things . great book . starting next one .
= wow internet chance
< another great book

> the proposition started off a little slow , but the author strengthened her writing and story very quickly . i kept waiting and waiting for the conflict and boy did i get it . my heart aches , my skin feels warm and i just can not wait for march to come . great read !
= ca n't wait for march
< great read !

> a pretty good zombie movie , with will smith professing amazing acting prowess . his loneliness , desperation , and conviction are extraordinary . the bond between smith and the german shepherd is apparent . as far as apocalyptic movies go , this is a pretty good one .
= amazing acting from will smith
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ]

> i tried these crackers and they are pretty good . the texture is very different than traditional grahams , so they are kind of dry , but tasty nonetheless . 110 calories for 2 sheets is decent , less calories than a nutri-grain bar and just as filling .
= tasty and hearty cracker
< pretty good

> my heart goes out to remy for everything that he has went through . i freaking loved him so much and ca n't wait for the other books . luckily there was n't a cliff hanger .
= mine
< loved it !

> they are very good , fresh & chewy but they taste more like bing cherries than pomegranate . i like both so does n't matter but the price is way too high .
= licorice
< very good

> i usually am a fan of newman 's products , but this chocolate left me cold . just did n't taste creamy or chocolatly . sort of tasted chalky . ick
= not my favorite
< did n't taste creamy

> love abbi- she is such a great author . i love her books , preston is my fav but i really enjoyed cage !
= oh cage !
< love it

> i am flabbergasted by this book because of its greatness and some parts that made me scratch my head ( there is more greatness than head scratching though ... a lot more greatness . ) i don & # 8217 ; t think i have ever experienced a love for a couple & # 8217 ; s connection without the author presenting romance into the story . let me restate this , the author did not write a romantic book . matt does not wine and dine and woo hannah ; it is the feelings of lust and possession that starts and holds this relationship together . a relationship like this shouldn & # 8217 ; t work in general but pierce made it work for matt and hannah.the author , to me , wrote matt as the main character of this plot and he overpowered hannah & # 8217 ; s character but oddly enough , it worked out . matt was such an interesting person to read about that i didn & # 8217 ; t mind not really getting to know hannah ; i wanted to know more about matt.and i did ; i found out a lot about matt midway through the book that just astounded me . one minute , matt is the dominating character and the next minute i got to witness him in such a vulnerable state that it made me feel more for matt than i would with most characters.this book turned out like nothing that i expected it to be ; such a complete surprise . it was quite witty , a lot of sexy , and tons of dirty talk . and the epilogue & # 8230 ; well done m. pierce , well done !
= night owl review
< a lot more than i expected !

> i seldom give a one star review , usually trying to find something positive about any product , but with this one , i found it lousy . as a ginger fan , i was eager to receive the packet and conduct a side by side tasting with theinstant ginger honey crystals pack of 30 bags - 18 g sachetsand asked a friend from jamaica to join me . first of all , this product is tiny granules that are much darker than the prince of peace product . when mixed with hot water , rather than being a lovely gold , it is a brown . the first taste was awful and i mean really awful . my friend added some sweetener to hers thinking it would be an improvement , but it was an unsuccessful attempt . i felt the lemon flavor overwhelmed the ginger flavor , yet there was some heat from the ginger that tried to come forward . the flavor was extremely unbalanced and tasted more like the taste of a lemon which has been cut and stored in the refrigerator , turning brown and developing a rancid flavor that creeps into the nose . my friend held her nose and drank her half cup but i could not force mine down . instead , i gladly drank the other beverage .
= a rare review for me
< lousy taste , but unbalanced

> i 'm not a huge ginger fan , but i have had a lot of ginger tea and the like lately because of a pregnancy ( its supposed to ease an upset stomach ) . this stuff i would not reach for again . in fact , i might not even finish the cup in front of me . it 's really ... .bitter ? no , not even that . there 's that weird sort of tang ginger has , and this has it big-time , even though i actually watered it down more than i should have ( really , it 's about 1 packet to 1 measured cup of water ) . i really only taste the lemon as an aftertaste.also , the actual stuff is a bit weird . if you 're used to the now common little packets of powder you add to a bottle of water , this is way more powder to mix in . the packet is about the size of a large teabag , but full . it 's also a different consistency ... almost looks like small betta fish food . it also smells weird to me.in short , if you want a ginger-lemon hot drink , there are many better alternatives in my opinion .
= eww
< not bad , but not great

> first of all , when you open the pack - you will notice that the diapers looks ugly - kind of looks like the recycled paper napkins that you have at starbucks - there is not much of ink wasted on the diapers - hardly looks attractive , has some painting of lorax hardly visible . and if you feel the thickness of the diapers - makes you think are they going to hold up ? yes it does , it holds up very well for overnight/long distance as well as day use . they absorb pretty well - as good as fisher price/huggies or parent choice diapers.the best is that it is chlorine free - means the chances of having diaper rash is minimized . on the downside i noticed that they are a bit wider where at the bottom which made it a bit uncomfortable for my daughter to wear , then we had to readjust the position and it was going well.i had been looking at these diapers ever since our daughter was born in 2009 - at amazon , whole foods market , but never tried them thinking they were too expensive.after using them for the last 1 week + i regret that i should have bought them earlier .
= good absorbency , no diaper rashes
< works well , but chlorine free - not much of the pack

> having tried and liked a different flavor i decided too try another of these instant flavored drink mixes and was not disappointed . i took a packet out of the box and added it too 16oz bottle of cold water . it dissolved quite well with some vigorous shaking . when i took my first sip i was shocked . this tasted very good and as advertised . the water had become a refreshing and tasty strawberry & acai green iced tea sweeten with honey.i wanted this for flavor and did not care about calories but for those who do one warning . the box list that these are 5 calories per serving , which is eight ounces . but each packet is designed too be used with 16 ounces so is 10 calories . so for two servings ( which is what i drink ) you are consuming a drink with 20 mg of caffeine , 0g fat , 0g sodium , 0g protein , and 2g each of sugar and carbohydrates . the packets are very convenient too carry with you and too use anywhere you can get a glass or bottle of water .
= strawberry flavoed iced tea
< very good flavor , but not disappointed

> shutter island sits off the coast of boston and is home to ashcliffe hospital for the criminally insane . teddy daniels , u.s. marshall , and his partner , chuck aule , arrive on the island to help in the search of a missing patient . what actually goes on at ashcliffe ? unconventional psychiatric treatments ? it 's difficult to review this book without giving too much away . several other reviewers have said they were unprepared for the shocking ending . so i prepared myself by paying close attention to all the clues . but it was n't enough . as i finished this book , sitting in a well air conditioned room , i actually broke out in a sweat . that has never happened to me before . what a stunner ! some reviewers have said they thought lehane 's previous novel , mystic river , was better . i just ca n't imagine that . so , i 'll put mystic river on my must-read list . it 's going to take me awhile to get over shutter island , though .
= whew ! what a stunner !
< the ending of the story

> thor took me by surprise and has now become one of my favorite marvel comic movies ! there is never a dull moment , and is filled with action , comedy , suspense and norse mythology . the city of asgard is beautiful . chris hemsworth was perfect for the role as thor ! thor is about to become king of asgard , until frost giants ruin the ceremony . when thor travels to jotunheim to confront the leader , odin takes away thor 's powers and sends him to earth , where he comes across a beautiful scientist named jane foster . 50 miles away from the town is thor 's mighty hammer , mjolnir , which no one can pick up . until thor becomes worthy , he wo n't be able to pick up his hammer.back on asgard , loki becomes the new king , and sends the destroyer to earth to kill thor . will thor be able to save the town without his powers ? if you want an awesomely epic superhero movie , you 'll love thor ! ! !
= one of the best marvel comic movies ever ! ! !
< thor is the best ! ! !

> i really can understand why this book got many 1 and 2 stars.i admit , i enjoyed it . but i had to make adjustments in order to make the story work.30 year-olds today are like 20 year-olds were back about fifteen years ago . i teach and can see the differences between how people behave today to how they behaved before.yea , the cursing got old , after a while . so did the pet names.but what ms. sloan had going for her was emotional connections between her characters . who has n't wanted to be part of a family that loves you beyond rationality ? she created that so if one could adjust one 's expectations on how 30 year-olds should behave , it was a pretty decent story.i believe , if ms. sloan reads these reviews , she 'll get better as time goes on . meanwhile i 'll take my chances with her . i 'm curious to see greg 's story , and emily 's . and , of house , dee 's and becker 's .
= enjoyable story , but ...
< i liked it

> in describing lost in translation , i can say that bill murray is a funny actor regardless of the setting . i do n't think many if any actors could have pulled off this role as well as he does.the movie presents glimpses of two people 's lives as they befriend each other during their ennui in japan . the development of the relationship between bill murray 's character bob harris and the character played by scareltt johansson is enjoyable and is really lovely.i enjoyed the scenes of the tokyo nightlife . the movie just seems to fade away in ending . there is no defined plot or climax and the audience must decide how it ended , what the lessons are , and what the point is.the movie is relaxing to watch , not too stimulating or exciting but enjoyable.the bar for it was set high by the many praises in the media so it did not meet those expectations for me but i was not disappointed . i liked the characters and that made the movie .
= i enjoyed and am not sure why
< funny , but not disappointed

> i first heard about water for elephants as a project that began during nanowrimo a few years back when i was trying nanowrimo for the first time . it was inspiring to hear.yet it took me years to get around to reading this book despite many recommendations.i loved it ! the author did a lovely job of handling so many characters big and small . she kept solid control over their little quirks , tics , etc.i particularly enjoyed seeing everything first-person present through jacob 's eyes , but i do think he was more of a woman 's man than a man 's man . not that i need him to be a boar or a brute , but he was a touch more on the emotional swing side than i generally like in male characters in stories of this ilk.did n't really matter though , because the whole package of this tale enchanted me.wholeheartedly recommend ( but be prepared to be disappointed with the movie if you read the book first ) .
= well executed and entertaining story
< a great tale of a tale of a twist project

> this was ok but i did n't really care for it personnally . it dissolved easily and had a good mild lemon flavor . i did n't really taste the ginger . it is n't something i would pay money for to have again , maybe if the lemon flavor was stronger but it 's more of a hint of lemon taste and i do love lemon flavor . others may like it more , everyone has their own tastes , this is just how it seemed for me and i am a daily hot tea drinker , all flavors . i thought this would taste more like that but in a tea bag you can steep it for more flavor . this has quite a bit in each little package for one serving so it would be very expensive to use more and like all crystals , they are n't evenly blended in the package so you wo n't get the same flavor everytime if you need to add extra .
= ginger & lemoon beverage
< ok but not great

> fundamentalists should consider other reading material but you have to give kudos to the author for making theological discussions such a hot topic . a very interesting premise which involves the holy grail , the knights templar and the priory of sion . brown beautifully interweaves fact and fiction concerning these fascinating subjects and prodded me to read related works . now onto the problems i had with this novel : annoying references to previous novel ( the vatican incident ) ; too many of the scenes are just outright unbelieveable and the inclusion of hollywood blockbuster action scenes forces the reader to question whether brown was counting on a movie deal as he wrote ; major reasoning flaws scattered throughout the second half of the novel ( to name just one , a mirror image that the most brillant code detecting minds could n't figure out ? come on ) ; and lastly , the totally smarmy ending tempted me to scream . overall , an entertaining read .
= good read but not great
< a very interesting premise

> does your heart miss a beat when you see a new book by dan koontz ? have you ever marvelled at the writing style of john saul ? if so ... you will hate this book . you will find the first 150 pages unbearable , and you probably will not realize that there is actually a surprise ending ( it is very subtle ) . i do n't mean to be rude , but this novel is simply not for everyone . however , if you enjoy well written and plush details ( which reminds a little of daisy miller , and some of henry james ' works ) . i enjoyed this novel , even though i did find some of the reading a bit tedious ( i do enjoy stephen king ; o ) ) , but by the final page ... i was completely won over . excellent choice , not quite dickens.. but still very well written .
= the best of the best
< a great new book for the series

> this green tea is much more sweet in the vein of asian `` bubble tea '' ( minus the tapioca pearls , of course ) than the fake-tasting cloying sweetness of american teas like arizona . the floating bits of fruit pulp and the distinct aftertaste of passion fruit also make it clear this is something unusual . i could n't taste the aloe vera , but the tea is a little `` heavier '' than one would expect if used to plain green tea.i found it refreshing with spicy food but a bit too substantial to drink by itself.the bright packaging and asian-looking design invoke japanese design , and the taste is similar to drinks i 've had on my travels as well as in asian restaurants in the us . recommended .
= tasty textured tea
< sweet and refreshing

> once a kristen ashley fan , always a kristen ashley fan ! lanie has been to hell and back . she 's damaged , but not broken . enter hopper kincaid . hop ? ? with lanie ? oh . my . goodness ! and only kristen ashley can make those two work , and burn , and sizzle and having me worry about my kindle melting down , again ! lanie is a hardworking business woman , hop is a biker , rough , tough and willing to take on anything or anyone that could hurt lanie , including herself ! fire inside completely sizzles , with great chemistry and tension ! warning : keep a fire extinguisher on hand !
= like nuclear fusion ! its that hot !
< another great kristen ashley ashley fan !

> i am using these wiper blades ( 20 '' and 24 '' ) on my kia borrego suv . it has a large windshield , and i have had problems with wiper blades in the past . however , these bosch clear advantage wiper blades are working great . they handle heavy rain and a light drizzle equally well . there is no smearing or skipping , and they are quiet.my better half installed these for me , and he commented that it was an easy job . the real test of these wiper blades will come this winter , when they need to handle snow and sleet . however , i am impressed with their performance so far .
= reasonable price , works great ...
< works great

> the razor side is pretty much like any other razor , i still prefer the closer shave of the mens gillette pro fusion i get a much smoother result with that one than i did with this . the trimmer part is convenient for the shower and works pretty well-some of the other reviews said it just up and died after the first round of batteries , but i have n't had that problem . overall , i would n't spend more than any other razor system ( pro fusion , venus , etc . ) on this razor , but if you can get a good deal on it , i say , why not ? !
= it works fine
< not as good as the mens gillette pro fusion

> really ... how much can be said about a tampon ? i use the `` regular '' version of these on days 3 , 4 , and 5. for the first two days of my period , i prefer the super version . these are very comfortable to insert and wear . each tampon comes individually wrapped in plastic . these are unscented , which is important since scented feminine products irritate me . the current price here on amazon rivals that of local stores , especially with subscribe & save . i have also used playtex sport tampons , but i prefer the gentle glide because the applicator is more comfortable .
= works well ...
< i like these

> grandma nadine steals the spotlight in this book . if it was n't for her antics i would 've given up on this book . jake is such an unlikeable character . i would 've left him in the dust . char was ok. the self pity is unattractive . about 3/4 of the way through i started to like them but grandma with travis and casey made their story bearable . jake just did n't have any redeeming qualities that would 've convinced me to give him multiple chances . grandma really does save the day . 4 stars for her ! ! !
= grandma always knows best
< grandma nadine steals the spotlight

> first off , the kids loved these . hence the 4 star rating . for myself , the taste was okay but not anything i would go out of my way for . i think they might be better without the cinnamon . i do like cinnamon but not so much as an apple combo . what i really disliked about them was that they were super hard . i guess i prefer my apple taste in a softer form . it is not too bad if you suck on them for awhile so they rehydrate a bit .
= kids loved them..
< kids loved them

> this is a tasty drink with pale pink/purplishcolor . with its carbonation one could call it a drink with bite . for me the taste was good but not outstanding . the aromatic bouquet of switch is fabulous , but the actual taste , unfortunately , does n't measure up to that mesmerizing scent.the can 's diminutive size lends itself to a quick refresher , not a slake for a heavy duty thirst . it 's a good size for a pocket , lunch bag , or purse .
= good but not enough to switch
< tasty and tasty

> this is a soft , flushable wipe that makes your body feeling clean . this alcohol-free formula is gentle for the body which are individually wrapped for grab-and-go easethere are several travel packs of wipes available in the market , and this product does n't have anything special to stand out as unique . however , this is great to have if you are travelling.1.nathan power shower refreshing body wipes2.femfresh body fresheners range individual tissues 163.organic cotton intimate wipes - 12/1 - packet
= scented wipes
< soft body wipe

> as far as energy drinks go , red bull has to be the universal standard so i will compared the strawberry banana jamba juice energy drink to red bull.similar taste , but not nearly so sickeningly sweet as red bull . same size little can . promises lots of caffeine but i did not notice a boost , but i do n't notice it with red bull , either . to me , this is a good alternative .
= tasted good
< good alternative to red bull

> i was n't crazy about the chicken and broccoli skillets dinner kit , but mostly because it only had a tiny amount of broccoli . i added a package of frozen broccoli , and that improved things considerably . i wish it had a bit less sodium and whole-grain pasta , but it is n't bad the way it is . the velveeta that was included did improve the overall palatability of the dinner .
= needs more broccoli !
< not bad

> for a person that does n't normally use gel , this shave-gel worked very well . it gave a closer shave than regular shaving cream . took a few shaves to figure out the right amount because it lathers more than the cream . the scent is very light and does n't mix with the old spice aftershave . for dry skin , this is helping some , at least not making it worse .
= nice shave
< very light scent

> not sure what to say , it 's water ... .it did n't taste any different than my tap water after it goes through my brita filter . if it has any health additives it wo n't be noticed for some time and wo n't be sure it 's from drinking this water . it did taste fresh and had no chemical taste of any kind .
= essentia 9.5 ph drinking water
< water ...

> what an emotionally fueled story . the second book is so much better that the first . a lot more backstory on what happened to colton and tyler before they met . it 's a long wonderful read .
= driven 2
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> emily and nix 's story was a good one . i liked both characters and how they interacted . the story was well told and i enjoyed the ending . ca n't wait for the next one .
= i liked it .
< good story

> of the 2 i tested , i liked the wild blueberry bar much more . overall , both are very soft , dense and have a decent amount of nutrition to help curb your otherwise unhealthy snacking .
= wild blueberry was better .
< soft and soft

> travis and abby will forever be my favorite characters of any book ever ! this was a wonderful treat for the fans of beautiful disaster . thank you jamie mcguire it was great !
= a must read for fans of beautiful disaster
< love it !

> i loved this book , it was so worth getting and reading . this was my first book i read of penelope wards and would n't mind reading more .
= jake undone
< loved it

> this was such a hot , fun , and sexy read . i loved the characters . i loved the plot and look forward to reading sam 's story .
= hot and fun
< hot , fun , and sexy

> i laughed until i thought i 'd choke ! ! ! this is one incredibly fun movie . you simply have to see it.remy can cook . in fact , he 's a real gourmet chef . only one problem : he 's a rat . linguini , on the other hand , can not cook . in fact , he 's probably one of the clumsiest and most incompetent people you 've ever seen . but he 's a human , and a chef in a fine paris restaurant has to be human , right ? so remy hides under linguini 's toque ( is that the word ? his chef 's hat . ) and pulls his hair one way or another to direct linguini 's movements.the result is a fine adventure , a lot of unexpected plot twists , some incredible chase scenes , and a whole lot of fun.when i first saw the trailers for this movie , i was afraid they had given too much away ; there would be no surprises . boy , was i ever wrong ! remy is not only a great cook , he 's completely adorable and a bit of a philosopher . there 's one scene where his father tries to convince him that life is basically a war between the humans and the rats , and says `` that 's just the way it is , you ca n't change it . '' remy disagrees . `` dad , life is change ! '' he exclaims . so as he turns to go , and his father asks him where he is going , he says , `` hopefully , forward . '' and he is.i will probably play this movie until i 've essentially memorized it . i truly love it . five stars , no question .
= delicious movie !
< remy fun !

> the story follows a disillusioned american civil war hero , captain nathan algren , played by tom cruise , as he goes to tokyo to train the japanese army , who are embroiled in a battle with the remaining traditional samurai . the americans are there for the money , and that money is provided by the emperor 's westernized advisors who want the samurai out of the picture so that they may continue be the power behind the emperor and increases their own wealth . in an early battle however , algren is captured by the samurai and held by them for the winter . during this time he learns the way of the samurai and eventually ends up fighting alongside them - breaking his allegiance to the country he once fought for.ken watanabe in his performance as the samurai leader katsumoto dominates the screen . through watanabe we see that the samurai are noble and intelligent . hiroyuki sanada was impressive as ujio , the tough , brutal , yet loyal and disciplined samurai.this film has amazing sets and battles . the sword fights are well rehearsed and the cinematography is well orchestrated . the costumes were striking and good replicas for a period movie . this film reminded me of dances with wolves , which i also liked . its not about which culture is more superior , it is about our mutual willingness to listen and learn from each other .
= bushido `` the warrior code ''
< the samurai

> what do you do when everything that could be done in a gladiator movie has been done ? and the script is right out of the old charles bronson revenge movies for having family unjustly dispatched by evil authority . there can never be another , `` ben-hur '' ( 1959 ) , a movie made in its time , for its time , and an untouchable classic.this gladiator movie is for today 's audience and may someday become a classic . instead of having a splashy image like john wayne , russell crowe has to blend in with the movie and the story . he must be ruthless and compassionate almost at the same time.of course if you just concentrate on russell crowe , you will miss many other great actors , not the least of which is derek jacobi as senator gracchus . you can see him again as brother cadfael in `` a morbid taste for bones '' .what is this ? the new roman emperor commodus ( joaquin phoenix ) . see joaquin again as johnny cash in `` walk the line . `` although there is quite a substantial amount of displayed hemoglobin , this is not the main purpose of the movie . and i guarantee that you will be glued to the set with out even realizing it.troy - the director 's cut [ blu-ray ]
= not as much pomp and a lot more circumstance
< the best gladiator movie of the year

> cell is a decent stephen king book , and actually starts quite brilliantly . i was really excited by the events detailed in the first 150 pages of this novel . unfortunately , the pace of this novel dramatically slows in the middle and the ending is quite anti-climactic.the major flaw with cell is the lack of good characterization , which is normally a strength of king 's work . the main hero is rather bland , and most of the supporting characters are two-dimensional . a lot of the dialogue in this novel is quite stilted and unrealistic ( especially the child characters , who talk nothing like children ) . this problem gets worse as the book progresses , because king chooses to introduce more and more new characters whom the reader barely gets to know.perhaps this was king 's intention -- doing the literary equivalent of a b-movie . still , i was hoping for more than that . i enjoyed this novel for what it was , and it is undeniably well written . but the relatively weak characterization makes this novel one of king 's minor efforts .
= falls short on characterization
< a good stephen king book

> the scent of this can seem a little strong straight out of the bottle , fortunately it fades fast . it 's a semi-masculine scent and kind of reminds me of lineament mixed with an inexpensive cologne . so it 's a really good thing it fades fast.i have mixed feelings on these bottle types . they do dispense easily , but sometimes lotion can get in the lid and cake up . the bottles do n't leak or come open in a bag with normal use which is a plus.the lotion applies easily . it does n't absorb as fast as the protect and hydrate lotion , but it does absorb faster than a lot of other sunblocks my family has used . the cooling effect is like a mild menthol salve and short lived.this summer has been a sunny one in anchorage , ak and while my family was trying out this lotion , nobody got a sunburn . so it does work fairly well . my family will use the last of the bottle , but after that we will probably not use it again because of the scent .
= decent sunblock
< nice scent , but does n't work well

> version : u.s.a / region a , b ( ? ) , c ( ? ) aspect ratio : 2.35:1mpeg-4 avc bd-50 / high profile 4.1 / high profile 3.2 ( bonusview ) running time : 1:37:25movie size : 22,75 gbdisc size : 30,73 gbaverage video bit rate : 23.47 mbpssubtitles : english sdhnumber of chapters : 32dts-hd master audio english 4149 kbps 6.1 / 48khz / 24-bit / 4149kbps ( dts-es core : 5.1-es / 48khz / 24-bit / 1536kbps ) dolby digital audio english 192 kbps 2.0 / 48khz / 192kbpsdolby digital audio english 192 kbps 2.0 / 48khz / 192kbpsdisc one : # cine-explore # geek track # presto ( 5m:15s ) # burn-e ( 7m:19s ) # sneak peeks # bd-livedisc two : # robots -- treasure & trinkets ( 4m:54s ) -- lots of bots storybook # humans -- axiom arcade -- wall-e 's tour of the universe ( 50 seconds ) -- bot files -- deleted scenes ( 23m:8s ) -- behind the scenes ( 1h:19m:32s ) -- bnl shorts ( 8m:45s ) -- 3-d fly throughdisc three : dvd digital copy
= walle - blu-ray info
< movie : 4/5 picture quality : 4.5/5 sound quality : 4.5/5 extras : 4/5

> three days before michelle 's wedding her fianc & eacute ; steven , now goes by the name rat bastard , and her best friend and maid of honor beth announce they 're leaving for vegas to get married . michelle is cohersed into taking the honeymoon cruise alone by her friends angie and pam , after all as they point out its a small town and she does n't want to be sat around waiting for the happy couple to return does she . michelle who 's parents died seven years ago has taken over the job of raising her sister corrie , dropping out of college and getting a full-time job , she 's old before her time and decides now 's the time to kick loose and live a little , if only for afew days she can be someone else , someone fun . so new fun sexily dressed micki meets kirk and sparks fly after all it 's not as if they 'll ever see each other again.this was a nice quick easy read , no real surprises but an enjoyable read .
= nice easy romance
< fun read

> the last film basically rebooted the entire timeline for the franchise and all of its characters . none of the old plot lines we know and love have to be followed , because the butterfly effect literally changed everything . but the cool thing with this film , is it 's essentially a remake of the wrath of khan , only everything 's a little twisted and askew from the first one ; so history , and the future has changed , but still shares echoes from the original events . near the end of the film , kirk delivers spock 's lines from the original khan , verbatim . i wo n't give it away , but fans know what i 'm talking about . this was definitely an edge-of-your-seat thrill ride . absolutely loved this film ! easily the best star trek film ever made , bar none . would definitely watch this again , and ca n't wait for the next one . should be rated 10 stars , not 5. it could n't have been any better .
= best star trek movie ever
< the best star trek film ever made

> i 'm always surprised that an aloe drink can taste so good , but this product did not disappoint . the 15.2 oz bottle contains 70 calories ( serves 2 ) and is sweetened with organic cane sugar and stevia . suprisingly , the drink has a faint taste of apple , just enough and not too sweet . this would be wonderful over ice on a hot day . i do think i enjoy the drinks that have the pulp in them a bit more , but that is a personal preference , just like it is with orange juice-to pulp or not to pulp . if you are looking for a non-carbonated drink that is not just water , you might really enjoy this . though i ca n't speak for the health properties , aloe is known to be very good for your skin as a topical agent , so who knows , it could n't hurt , right ? overall , a good product for those looking for an alternative to a soft drink with fewer calories .
= refreshing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< good , but not just water

> i am waiting for the shining followup dr. sleep and somewhere heard this is a `` sort of '' prequel to it . well , in a way it kind of is . i 've not seen it mentioned , although someone likely has , but this is hard case crime with the carny serial killer mystery for devin ( and friends ) to solve . however , there are also several cases where `` the shine '' shines through as well . i really liked this story and thought the main characters of importance were very well drawn out . the story definitely moved right along . and i find i really like books where i like and become attached to the characters , which i definitely did in this case . for those of us who are emotional , you will become attached , but i 'll not say why . in any case , it was a very enjoyable read , and i 'm glad i took the time to read it .
= quite a trip !
< a very enjoyable read

> this is the best screen protector out there , but not the best value ( almost twenty bucks at the time of this review for just a sheet of plastic ) . unfortunately , nothing is close to its performance at a lower pricepoint . most screen protectors have very sticky backing that once you place it on your device 's screen , it is very hard to re-apply if you mis-aligned it . the moshi can be moved and re-aligned if you just put it on top lightly . and even if you already applied pressure on it , you can still remove and re-apply it.no bubbles ! i thought it was a gimmick until i tried it myself . there is only one protector in the packet but that 's all you ever need.just be aware that this is anti-glare . anti-glare screen will pixelate images and make them appear grainy , which is normal for this type of protector .
= the best out there
< best screen protector out there

> these are adequate , nothing more , nothing less . they offer decent protection . i am not sure there is anything `` super '' about them , although that is how they are marketed.the plastic cover makes storage easier , as they are better protected in a purse , backpack or gym bag than a pape-wrapped product . the padding is very absorbent ; i tested these in water versus a store brand and the tampex super product . i did note that the playtex opens fully and does more cupping . the plastic makes this more of a `` gentle '' tampon.on the downside , the string is sot of short , and plain string as opposed to something a little thicker to help against leakage.overall , these work well . i do n't know that they are `` super '' in any way though . but they do the job .
= works well ... .
< decent protection

> the dollar store ethernet cables are a dollar but the clips break off and then they will pull out of the port , usually at the most inconvenient moment . this micra digital cat5e snagless patch cable has a moulded half-dome over the clip to protect it from damage . the half-dome is a little hard to depress , especially with arthritic fingers , so it would be best for use where it wo n't be frequently removed and re-inserted.i also like this black cable better than the grey ones because it wo n't show dirt so much and it matches most of my other cables . since it is cat5e it is supposed to be faster than cat5 ( though slower than cat6 ) but my internet is much slower than this cable so it does n't really matter to me .
= good quality ethernet cable
< works well , but it works

> emerald dark chocolate almonds has just enough dark cocoa to soothe your cravings . roasted into the almonds , the cocoa power is not the messy treat that other brands offer . these are clean eating , delicious nuts.but do n't kid yourself . there 's not enough cocoa in these almonds to provide much in the way of antioxidant power . eat them simply because they 're good , although they are a good source of vitamin e and potassium.on the down side , these almonds are sweetened with sucrolose ( splenda ) , so if you 're staying away from artificial sweeteners , avoid these almonds . hint to emerald : try stevia as the sweetener.taste : five starsartificial sweetner : one staraverage : three stars
= attention chocoholics !
< delicious , but not enough cocoa

> no fear , super energy supplement is not all that its cracked up to be . i was stoked to try it out because i really enjoy energy drinks . i did n't care for the juice taste and it was too sweet . the `` juice '' taste was too overwhelming for my taste buds and it made me feel loggy instead of refreshed . you can taste the hfcs in the drink and it taints the product in my book . the sticky sweet taste ruins what could have been a really good energy supplement . the crash i had afterwards was even worse.if you are looking for a good energy drink i advise you to look elsewhere . i do not recommend no fear .
= i did n't enjoy the taste at all .
< no fear , not much juice

> we can continue to relay on the post-it name brand . these labels appear to be like any other and come with easy-to-follow directions for typing and printing . however , the main sales point of this product is that the labels are `` removable '' . because of this very sales pitch and creation , the labels have a strong adhesive , but not a permanent adhesive . they firmly adhere to the file folder , then when you are ready , they will peel off so that the folder can be nearly re-used.after several uses of a few file folders with these labels , i can say that i highly recommend this product .
= good product
< great labels

> when you put your baby/toddler to sleep or on a long distance road trip/flight travel - you tend to change the diapers fewer times - thats when you need diapers with extra absorbency.we used diapers on a recently trip from dallas to okc city and it held up pretty well . at the first look , the diapers look unattractive and does not make you believe that they are super-absorbent , you have to use once to start believing them.so far , i was using the fisher price day+night diapers which are good as well . but these ( from seventh generation ) are chlorine free which provides an addition benefit of eliminating rashes .
= extra absorbency , comfortable
< good diapers for a long distance

> i tried . i made it to the 32 % mark before i gave up . i took a break . read another book . decided that this book just was n't working for me . for me it seemed too cliched and immature . the characters were n't as interesting as they were in the first book . i felt like there was too much drama being forced onto them.i admit after i took a break i turned around and read the spoilers from other readers . i think i made the right decision . where this book went just did n't feel right to me . time to move on .
= too cliched and immature
< not what i expected

> this film , imho , launched will smith as an international action star . yes , the film follows a formula-but in this case its a formula that actually works . this story takes a simple what-if plan-that 's been used a billion times-and caters to america 's patriotism . in a dire humanitarian crisis , we as a people can put our differences aside and fight together for our basic need to survive . anyone at any time can become a hero and can become your brother-in-arms . good script , descend acting and one heck of a feel good movie . overall , i highly recommend it .
= a great action film
< launched will smith

> wow now that is a love triangle i could n't have written myself . it would make a great movie . ok i could n't stop reading this book for nothing . it was hot and steamy but excellent mystery twisted into the story wow.annabelle , milo and garrett have been best friends for 8 years . anabelle and milo have some dark pasts to get thru but the story is so powerful i feel a swell in my heart as i finished the epilogue . loved it ! ! ! i will be looking for more tara sivec work that is for sure .
= a beautiful lie
< hot and steamy

> i give the movie just two stars because it has some moments ( just that , no more ) where you really laugh . however , overall , the premise of the story is basic and rehashed . the acting goes a bit over the top at times and most of the jokes did not even get me to laugh . as the movie approaches the end , it starts to get worse . it ends in an absolutely weird way that tops a movie that has very little to offer . skip it . there are far better comedies out there .
= some moments : just that
< not bad

> i have to state at the beginning that abbi glines is one of my favorite authors . i have n't read one of her books and not liked it . this series is no exception . rush is so torn between his family and trying to focus on blair is going to be a life long struggle for him . blair is so young naive and strong as nails . she is what he needs to keep him from getting lost in life i am so happy that there is a third book . i need more of rush and blair .
= speachless
< another great book by abbi glines

> sunscreen lotion is something that i fight with myself to use ~ who wants to feel greasy ? i found that the struggle was eased with this produce . it absorbs well , has a pleasant fragrance and seems to do the job . it is far less expensive than many other brands and likely provides no worse protection . the fact is that no matter how great the product is , if you do n't apply it , you will derive no benefit . the chances of applying and reapplying this are pretty good .
= good choice
< good sunscreen

> this is a wonderful movie . the music , the acting , the drama , what more can you ask for ? nicole kidman surprised me withe her performance . i admit at first i was a bit skeptical about the movie . but then i saw it and it was just wonderful . the soundtrack is just as good . the costumes , the setting makes everything so peculiar . the movie is unique and the acting superb. & # 34 ; all you 'll ever need is love & # 34 ;
= all you need is love
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> in this book you get to know the characters better . the story line gets more twisted and exciting with every chapter written . i enjoyed reading this book so much , that i read slower not wanting the book to end . the characters had so much passion for each other . the passion that q had for teas was undeniable though out the book . thanks for writing an amazing book .
= this book is more beautifully twisted than the first .
< amazing

> maybe i got a bad bag but ... the flavor of the vanilla blueberry was unpalatable . i love granola and was looking forward to trying this healthy version but it tasted old , almost as if it had `` turned . '' if it were n't so expensive , i would try it again . i love the idea of including flax seeds in the granola .
= granola with a bad flavor
< not bad , but not great

> this water tastes clean , crisp , and refreshing . it 's filtered , so it does n't leave an aftertaste and does n't really taste like anything-in my book , that 's good water ! it 's also supposedly infused with electrolytes , but i do n't know how you 'd notice that since it just looks/tastes like normal filtered water .
= crisp and refreshing
< clean , crisp , and refreshing

> with all this money he is getting , when is george lucas going to have that goiter removed from around his neck ? the first film ( or i guess number 4 ) is ok and the empire strikes back is wonderful , but then the films all became kiddified & stupid . the prequels are absolutely dreadful & ewoks must die !
= hmmmm
< the prequels are still the best

> it had a nice flavor and as far as it goes compared to other coffee i could not tell the difference . having less acid i could not tell . it tasted like regular coffee and did not have a bad after taste .
= nice flavor !
< not bad

> fast quick and to the point the book is hot . the story not only introduces dane and charlotte but it also introduces , thomas , riley and cooper .
= dane book 1
< hot

> i completely enjoyed reading this book . the story is very gripping and it draws you in . i would definitely recommend this book !
= awesome
< great read !

> really enjoyed this book . i wish the end did n't skip ahead so much or i would have given it 5 stars .
= great love story
< great book

> this film is brooding and dark , but also exciting and smart , batman begins is a film that understands the essence of one of the definitive superheroes . `` bruce wayne ( christian bale ) -- the billionaire prince of gotham whose parents were killed in an alleyway mugging -- transformed into the crime-fighting superhero . with flashbacks to his privileged childhood , young master wayne , as he is called by the butler alfred ( michael caine ) , develops a terrible fear of bats when he falls through the backyard garden into a hidden cave . as a young adult , wayne lives among the league of shadows , a martial arts group in the mountains of asia . his leaders ra 's al ghul ( ken watanabe ) and henri ducard ( liam neeson ) teach him strength , endurance , and -- unfortunately -- evil , against which he naturally rebels . returning to gotham and reinstating himself as a dapper socialite and the rightful heir to his parents ' enterprise , wayne quickly devises his secret identity , commanding help from the gadgetry expert lucius fox ( morgan freeman ) . with one eye on his childhood playmate rachel ( katie holmes ) -- now a beautiful woman and dedicated lawyer -- and the other on his mission to save gotham from criminal corruption , batman makes his fledgling debut . but when the blue-blooded mastermind dr. crane ( cillian murphy ) -- who steals every scene with chilling menace -- taints the water system with a hallucinatory substance , batman realizes he has met his first true opponent . `` good story , excellent character developement , and awesome action scenes make this the best batman movie to come out in years . only complaint is that the scarecrow did n't get enough screen time , but he 'll be back . this is a definite must see for fans and non fans of the series alike . this year lady and gentlemen , batman begins !
= best one since the original 1989 film . 4.5 stars .
< the best batman movie of the series

> based on the summary , i thought i knew what to expect from elite . i thought it would be your typical boarding-school paranormal type of book . i was so surprised when it turned out to be something totally different ! i found elite to be compulsively readable . there were times when i was n't sure if i even liked the book to be reading it as fast as i was , but i just kept reading because i was so intrigued by the mystery . i love it when the reader is kept in the dark right along with the main character , and van dyken uses that concept well in elite . i was really surprised when the truth was revealed to tracey.tracey 's feelings about nixon ran hot and cold , as did mine . sometimes i really liked the guy and sometimes i downright hated him . he was full of contradictions and surprises . the love story moved too quickly for my taste , but i did enjoy the romance between the two main characters . there was a romeo and juliet theme to the love story , which worked well given the premise of the book . elite contained a lot of world-building , which slowed down the story at times , but that makes me think that book two will be even better.if you like contemporary fiction , i 'd recommend elite . i look forward to the next book in the series .
= a different take on ya
< a great read

> gillian flynn 's `` gone girl '' is a crazy-nuts crime novel centering around the world 's worst marriage and the mysterious disappearance of the wife in the story . an absorbing premise ( where 's the wife ? did the husband kill her ? ) , terrific second and third act twists , and the first completely successful use of the `` unreliable narrator '' device i 've seen in ages ( in other words , it 's not frustrating when we eventually learn it was used in a sizable portion of the narrative ) are only a few of the great things about the book.so , yeah , if you 're looking for a bracing reading experience , one that works as both a straight-up , engrossing crime novel and a sly commentary on the pettiness and malice that can creep into even the best marriages on occasion , do n't hesitate to pick up this sharp , scary , and often blackly funny thriller.by the way , i actually listened to the audiobook version of the book , and the two narrators- kirby heyborne and julia whelan- are wonderful , making the most of the great material at their disposal . but i 'm confident `` gone girl '' is just as much fun to read yourself , if that 's your preference . in any event , i 'm now off to track down the small handful of other gillian flynn titles out there .
= a marriage of inconvenience
< a fun , engrossing crime novel

> i may want to live on caramel and ice cream , butterfingers and apple pie - but after a few months of this diet , i 'd be an overweight diabetic . this dog food , even though the name sounds ( lets use the thesaurus here ) resplendent , delightful , and even pulchritudinous ( ! ) - is canine candy . i mean , come on - `` chef michael 's grilled sirloin '' ? sounds like something i 'd want to eat . but read further , and it 's `` sirloin flavored '' and is full of corn and other fillers . sure , the way my dog devoured this looked like i had not fed him in days - he was ready to lick the chrome off the bowl . `` chef michael 's grilled sirloin '' is a name dreamed up by the marketing department.unfortunately , the food is flavor and filler , low quality protein , and high in carbs/calories . if your dog is a lay-about , couch potato , indoor pooch - this stuff is better as a mix-in for finicky eaters , or as an occasional treat . a dog will have to be pretty active to burn off the calories if this was his/her staple.a week later ? the dog wo n't touch it . just nuzzles the stuff and gives it a tentative lick . guess he wizened up !
= doggie desert - updated review a week later
< the dog devoured it !

> defense attorney mickey haller is n't sure anymore what he wants , except for more money . after 15 years in practice , he 's lost sight of many of the ideals that attracted him to the law in the first place . now he 's reached that point in life where he begins to take a long , hard look at himself , and finds a few very large flaws . but one think mickey still believes is that every defendant deserves his day in court with competent representation.hired by the wealthy , spoiled son of a real estate dynasty to defend him against rape/attempted murder charges , mick is thrilled to finally have a chance to make the big bucks . what he does n't realize until it 's too late is that this is the case of his life , in more ways than one . in the three months from arraignment to verdict , mick must come to terms with himself , his little daughter , and his own ethical foundation . and he risks all.this would have been rated 5 stars were it not for the difficulty i encountered trying to get into the heart of this book . on or about page 150 , i was hooked , and raced through to the riveting conclusion . so if you find your mind wandering at first , keep going . your perseverance will be rewarded .
= you have the right to remain silent
< mick is believes is the best

> avatar is an impressive looking film with an overly simple story that makes us feel we 've been here before . this is a strange feeling to get from a film that looks like nothing we 've ever seen before . the story is basically 'dances with wolves ' ala sci-fi with a little mix of our own american history thrown in with our treatment of the american indian . the film is better than i expected and it 's certainly worth seeing ... especially in hd ! wow ! the characters look fairly believable , but none have any real depth , so caring for these creatures is pretty nonexistent.the story is very predictable and i was telling my wife exactly what was going to happen after the first 15 minutes or so . send in someone to gain their trust and then stab them in the back for accepting them ! ... ..blah blah blah ! it 's all been done before and i 'm surprised that cameron did n't develop a better script considering the amount of work that went it to the visual aspect of this film.if you 're a sci-fi fan , prepare for an amazing looking film with a very unsatisfying story . if you 're looking for deeper dramas , then this one could be a little light for you .
= dances with banshees !
< a sci-fi film with a little light

> i believe in taking an omega-3 supplement . i have tried several brands , including a few from jarrow formulas . i like this one a lot.i do not get any `` fish burps '' from it , and coming from jarrow i know it has no/minimal other ingredients . this product contains the fish oil ( from sand eel ) . it also contains sunflower lecithin and rosmarinic acid . the soft gel capsule itself consists of gelatin , glycerin , water and annatto . there is no wheat , gluten , soybeans dairy , egg , shellfish , or peanuts/tree nuts in the product.the bottle contains 30 soft gels , and the maker recommends 1 soft gel , 1 to 2 times per day with meals , or as directed by your qualified health care consultant . that makes this a not-so-inexpensive product.the content is excellent though , with 223 mg of omega 3 overall , with 84 mg of epa and 111 mg of dha per capsule . these are better absorbed than triglyceride types also , since they are phospholipid-bound.if you want to really benefit from omega 3 oils , this might be a good product to try .
= another great jarrow product - a little pricey though
< good product , but not a good price

> the prestige is vintage christopher nolan . a dark , twisted , visually appealing story . i enjoyed this movie a lot , but i must admit , for most of it , i had no idea what was happening . it was a cool story , about two rival magicians trying to discredit one another . while i enjoyed what i was seeing , the story just twisted and turned in ways i could n't really follow . i know i loved watching it , but afterwards i was still like what the hell ? the ending was the most confusing part , not real sure what happened there , maybe one day i 'll get it . this film had the star power , one of hollywood 's best directors , and a unique story , but it 's going to be hard for a lot of people to follow . i 've seen 1000 's of films , and it 's not often that i get to say , i did n't really get it , especially with something i enjoyed , but i guess christopher nolan will do that to ya !
= the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078
< a dark , twisted , visually appealing story

> i can start out by saying that my two dogs both love this food , and by their reaction , i could say it 's their favorite . there are things i like about it too . it smells decent , and has a texture unlike any other food we 've ever tried . it is a bit softer and easier on my older dog 's teeth and gums . most importantly , my dogs have absolutely no digestive problems after eating this , unlike some other brands we have used . the ingredient list on the package , however . indicates it is more in line with other supermarket brands , but so does the price . i would love to say i only buy the most premium products , but realistically i want a food my dogs like , that makes them feel good and has adequate nutrients , and this fits the bill . i feed my dogs real meat on occasion , and buy the premium brands when i can get a sale , but i feel comfortable that this dog food is fine for most of my dog 's needs .
= makes my dogs happy
< my dogs love it

> i 've always been interested in the holocaust and thought i 'd learned a lot about the different horrors that the victims suffered . but i had no idea that this happened in france and it was french police who arrested their own citizens ! the author did a beautiful job of weaving the stories of a little girl , told in third person and an adult woman , told in first person from chapter to chapter . i was able to read this book rather quickly and appreciate the book group questions at the end . my only criticism was that the end of the book felt rushed , like the author was done with what she wanted to say and needed a quick way to wrap things up . the author was careful to make sure she was accurate with the historical aspects of the book , a quick check on google and i realized that she had done her research . i look forward to reading more books by this author . all in all , i would definitely recommend this book to everyone as none of us should ever forget .
= heartwrenching
< a beautiful story

> 4 1/2 starsi was a little reluctant , especially reading other reviews of this having an acidic taste , to drink this . i gave it a shot anyways.and i loved it.i did n't notice any acidic taste . it tasted just like purified water . not the `` spring water '' you usually pick up at the grocery store , but like the purified `` drinking water '' you pick up . only this had caffeine , which i think gave me a bit of an edge during my latest workout . so , as far as taste goes , i give it five stars.i do take away half a star because of the cost . $ 1.50 per bottle , i believe , is a bit too much . there are other caffeinated , non-carbonated alternatives that either have more caffeine , more ounces , or are cheaper . if this got closer to a buck a bottle i could see myself picking this up on a regular basis . for now , i 'm sticking with my rockstar recovery lemonades .
= tasted great !
< not bad , but not great

> o.k. , i really like instant oatmeal . granted that it may not be as healthy as the slow cooked , steel cut homemade oatmeal . however , i tend to view this particular cup as half full and not half empty.this is the perfect on the go meal because you can make it at the office or anywhere you have access to hot water . it has a creamier texture than regular oatmeal , but that can be remedied somewhat by slightly reducing the amount of water added . this is good tasting and it really fills you up . the apples are slightly tart and the walnuts contribute to the chewy crunchiness of the product.as far as i am concerned , i wish this had a higher ratio of apple and walnuts . however , i compensated by adding more chopped walnuts and a couple of teaspoons of raisins which amped up the flavor quotient on this product . without the additions this is a good breakfast in a cup , but a couple of extra ingredients makes it more satisfying .
= you can make this anywhere
< good tasting , but not great

> i am in the medical field but certainly do not specialize in the nutrition of exercise , so i will leave you to the other reviews for the particulars of how this works and if it is good , bad , or indifferent . all that i know is that when taken about 20-45 minutes prior to me going to be exerting myself heavily , either in exercise or prior to a big surgery ( i provide aneshesia ) i notice that i do have more energy and stamina.as for flavor , i find that it is very good , a pleasure to drink ; my wife does not like it . so i recommend that you try a small serving size before purchasing to verify the flavor as it is pretty strong in a love-it-or-hate-it kind of way .
= tastes good and increased energy
< works well , but not the best

> this is a rather sweet sauce , with a hint smoke . the first ingredient in this sauce is sugar , so for those who do n't like sweet sauces , this is n't for you . contained in this sauce is the following : sugar , red raspberries , jalapeno peppers , peppers , salt , vinegar , water , pectin , chipotle , natural flavor , garlic , spices and natural smoke flavor . manufactured in a facility that process peanuts , tree nuts , milk , fish , soy , wheat and eggs . those allergic to those products , this sauce is n't for you . this sauce also contains raspberry seeds , as it 's not a strained sauce . tastes good on chicken , but too sweet for me .
= roasted raspberry and chipotle sauce
< good on chicken , but too sweet

> wallbanger was an awesome read . it was a nice change to read a romance book that made you laugh . the main character caroline had such a unique personality - i wish i had a friend like that . i 'd be laughing my ass off all the time.spoiler alerti think the only part i did n't really like was that i kept looking for the conflict . it happened maybe after reading 60 % of the book or so , and the rest was a happy ending . i kinda wanted the author to drag it out a little longer.i 'd rate this a 3.5 star book . great read . i bought her other books as well and am looking forward to reading them .
= hilariously funny !
< awesome read

> i am very fair and burn quickly . i really do not tan . i also have dry skin . this sunscreen kept me burn free the entire last week of outdoor activities . it has a pleasant mild scent and seems to last well despite high sweat activities ( mowing , gardening ) . it is not greasy but it does a great job as a moisturizer.i love that the product sits on the end cap for ease of administration . the ridges on the bottle make for a sure grip with sweaty hands.i 'd definitely recommend this as a terrific all over sunscreen for outside activities . i did reapply after swimming and i think that is prudent to do in high sun .
= love it , a perfect sunscreen for me .
< great for dry skin

> if i could have stayed awake long enough , i would have finished this book in one sitting . i do n't pay much attention to sensational news , so this was a completely new concept to me ... and a shocking one at that . a young woman kidnapped and imprisoned in a backyard shed for seven long years ; the narrator of the tale is her five-year-old son , jack - a stranger in a strange land trying to understand his fellow humans , reminiscent of valentine michael smith ( stranger in a strange land ) but with more heart .
= hair-raising
< a new concept

> i used these size 4 diapers on my 20 pound 19 month old daughter . they were very absorbent - no leaks at all . my husband liked them because they did n't have that super sweet baby powder smell that pampers have . also , there were never remnants of that sticky gel stuff that regular diapers can leave on your baby . these would be especially good if your baby has really sensitive skin - they were as soft as a traditional brand name diaper without having the chemicals that they do .
= great diapers !
< very absorbent

> features i like1 . for both the trimmer and the razor the handle holds well in the hand . this is especially important when working in delicate areas.2 . blade holds its sharpness over multiple uses.3 . battery last long4 . waterproof design great for the shower5 . no nick with either use6 . the hanger that comes with it actually stick to the wall and securely holds the razor7 . i like the slide on cover for the bladeadjusting the trimmer was a little tricky at first but figured it out eventually .
= works great , feels good in the hand , and the hanger actually works
< good for the shower5

> i love the smell of this coffee . okay , i love the smell of coffee , period . but , this ... this is so warm and inviting right from opening the bag.if the smell is a promise , the taste is where it delivers . it is as delicious as the scent , smooth but with a very slight vanilla flavor . just enough to take a bit of the famous 'starbucks bitter ' edge off , but not too much to overwhelm.i would happily purchase this again !
= so vanilla-licous
< delicious !

> the night i saw this movie i had the worst nightmare i 've ever had : i woke up in the middle of the night , screaming out loud , fell to the floor ... it touched me very deeply , basically because i believe that dead people surround us , both good and bad , until the day of the final judgement . this is the reason why this movie is brilliant : it appeals to the average people 's fears .
= one of the scariest movies i 've ever seen
< the night

> loved this book . jesse and niki are two different people trying to find themselves and not be someone they are n't . niki and her past are in front and center then she meets jesse and life start over for her . a wonderful book and ca n't wait for the second one . what a cliff hanger . ugh ca n't wait for jesse part 2 in september .
= what a book
< loved it !

> this is just what i needed for a light , easy beach read . likeable characters , humorous situations and dialogue , sexual situations that are n't too explicit , and a hea . is it the next great american novel ? no , but it was worth reading and i would read more by this author . *i received my copy from netgalley.com in exchange for an honest review .
= get your romance fix
< light , easy read

> i reviewed another secret deodorant that i received on here but this one , i have no idea what was it it but it gave me a horrible rash . i 'm not sure what ingredients are in here and not the other but if you have sensitive skin like mine , i would n't recommend this particular one .
= not for sensitive skin
< no idea

> yes , i was entertained with this version of superman ... instead of bringing us a darker ... more violent movie ... like most of the franchisesdo to widen their audiences ... they brought back the superman we allloved from the previous movies ... .its more like a comic book..andi cant wait for the next one .
= in the right direction ... ... .
< superman ...

> i had a computer i was only getting 100mb on and when i replaced it with this i started getting gig . works great , and five feet was exactly the length i needed in this situation . no complaints , and it seems built for the long haul ( did n't feel flimsy ) .
= works great !
< works great

> the author did an excellent job writing this book . the story line was written with exciting and thrilling thing , happen though out the story . the characters were awesome together , entwined and twisted passion . thanks for writing an amazing book . i ca n't wait for the second book .
= wow what a wonderful book
< amazing

> i am a fan of m. night , so i saw this film many times . very scary and surprisingly hilarious . do you believe in aliens ? you should see this film .
= a fan
< surprisingly good

> although the book is good and liked the characters , something is missing or maybe too predictable . can just say what was written was good .
= good
< good

> this was supposed cc h a good book . can there be love at first site ? it was seem so ! excellent book ! !
= omg ! ! ! !
< loved it !

> i enjoyed every word of this ebook . it was funny and sweet . i had romance as well as some steam .
= enjoyed every word
< funny

> a good book..makes you appreciate what you have because it could be taken away in the blink of an eye .
= good read
< good

> i last read this book over ten years ago , but recently felt the urge to rediscover the negative utopia . in the book , george orwell may well have been warning of the dangers of the soviet union and totalitarianism . however , even as these facets of our world have faded , the nightmare of 1984 is still too feasible.the plot of a defective man and his internal struggle against an omnipotent government is familiar to most . the main character winston smith can not reconcile the lies that the government has fed to others . he often sees his comrades as being `` paralyzed by their own stupidity '' . winston 's search for something more not only sanctions the ire of the government , but draws ostracism from his peers . in the end , we see that without the all controlling government , winston whithers away into less than a man . this is the ultimate danger of a government that has grown too powerful.perhaps no chapter in the book is more potent than section iv of chapter iii . in this section , winston reads from the manual of the brotherhood . in a passage that is all too real , the book derides the profitability of war , the class stucture/structure of government , and the failures of previous governments . we also learn the meaning of big brother 's motto , `` who controls the past , controls the future ; who controls the present , controls the past . `` after being in publication for more than half of a century , 1984 is still a literary masterpiece and one of my absolute favorite books .
= the negative utopia
< the nightmare of 1984

> the matrix is one of the best cyber-punk films out there , hell might even be the best ! the action is explosively entertaining , the plot is strong and original and the cast is excellent . yes the ... dude ! ! .. himself keanu reeves is actually surprisingly great in the lead . he 's confused and trying to figure out his role in life and god knows no one can look confused better than reevs `` lol '' , so he pulls off the role good . lawence fishbourne steals the show as morphious though as does hugo weaving ( the lord of the rings ) as the lead villain agent smith . i also think the actor who plays tank is very good but it 's a shame , do n't think he 's gon na be in the sequels.anyway this movie just kicks , i could watch the kun-fu scenes without ever getting tired of them . the bullet-time effects are truly amazing , it 's no wonder films like charlie 's angels have tryed to rip it off . there 's just so much good things i could say about this movie . for an action movie the plot makes you think , it 's not another brainless action movie . the dialogue is memborable too , especially most of the lines that come out of lawence fishbourne 's mouth . the matrix is a truly amazing ride that 's hard to forget . i ca n't wait for the sequels , bring em ' on ! !
= a mind blowing cyber-punk actioner
< one of the best action movies ever !

> this book is sweet and very engaging ; it is also very romantic with a few steamy scenes.the relationship between the two main characters ( allison and cedric ) develops gradually and builds over time , weeks and moths go by until the characters connect with each other . at the heart of this book is this big secret . due to this big secret ( which i wo n't say as you have to read the book ) cedric goes on path to find allison . they both fall in love with each other , however cedric , again because of this secret , feels that he ca n't be with allison , moreover he believes that if she find out , she just might leave ... the thing about this book is that you do n't find about this big secret until 3/4 of the book maybe more . so while i was reading i was like enough , spill , i want to know what this big secret is ! ! . i had an inkling of what it could be , but i wan'st 100 % sure . however when i found out , i was like ahuh ! ! now it makes sense ! kudos to the author for frustrating her readers ! loloverall , i really enjoyed this book . the characters are sweet , well developed and likeable . the story is engaging and best of all it has no cliffhanger and has on hell of a hea !
= sweet , engaging , steamy and yes full of mystery !
< sweet and romantic

> my caption comes from the fact that both `` psycho '' and `` the texas chainsaw masacre '' were loosely based on the same killer ed gein . these are completely different films of course , but i find it interesting none the less . i have seen `` pyscho '' so many times that it 's not something i watch often now . the movie is still brilliant and what made me want to see it recently was the fact that i finally built my home theater . i was n't born when `` psycho '' was released in theaters and after 20 years of dreaming of having a home theater ( long before they seemed possible ) my vision has come true ! the screen i have been viewing the movies i 've reviewed is 150 inches which is a little over 10 feet long by little over 7 feet high . it was almost like watching it for the first time ! i saw little things i never noticed thoughout the film and the score never sounded better . if you have never seen this movie , you have missed one of the most copied films ever ! the version i 'm reviewing is in the alfred hitchcock masterpiece collection box set . four reasons to buy this movie ... it 's hitchcock , perkins gives the performance of his career , it 's one of the best horror/thrillers ever made and the dvd transfer is excellent !
= norman vs leatherface !
< the best movie of the year !

> i normally like chips ahoy ( and just about all things chocolate ) and these sounded like they 'd be good ! i was wrong . i do n't know what the `` gooey '' stuff is in the middle , but it tastes incredibly artificial . plus , at 75 calories per cookie , they 're hardly worth it.considering all the chocolate they pile into these , they do n't have that great of a chocolate flavor . the concept is good , but the execution is a far cry from decent . also , the white chocolate chips in them - really ? what 's the point of that ? if you 're wanting megafudge cookies , are you really looking for white chocolate ? ( which actually has no cocoa in it ... ) and i do n't know if they had to alter the dough recipe in order to keep the fudge inside , but that part is n't good either . it also has a kind of fake , i-left-these-in-my-hot-car-for-six-weeks kind of taste to it . blech ! personally , i 'd rather have a regular chocolate chip cookie than these things . if i 'm gon na eat a cookie , i want it to taste like a real cookie , not like a bad recipe gone horribly wrong . after eating two of these , i do n't plan on eating anymore , ever .
= really disappointed ...
< not bad , but not great

> tom cruise is a hit man . jamie foxx is a cab driver . late on night foxx picks up cruise at the airport . cruise tells foxx that he has a lot of stops and will use him all night.foxx has no idea what cruise is doing at first and then ca n't turn back . when foxx tries to rebel , cruise lets foxx know that his family will be in danger.the final target is a us attorney that foxx had picked up earlier and would like to date . so it 's jamie to the rescue . the film starts to fall apart about half way through but when it gets to the end here , it is just a joke.cruise 's character is atypical of a cruise character . he gives a very good performance until the end when not even tom can over come the mess.jamie foxx is given a serious character and for the first half of the film foxx is amazing but about half way through he pulls out his safe standard jamie foxx character . and by the end he is just bouncing off the walls and chewing all the scenery.this should have been a study of the two characters but had to become an obligatory action no brain film.do n't waste your money on this . if you must , rent it or better yet wait for it to hit cable .
= starts off great but ending is ridiculous
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> this is one of the better movies that i have seen this year . the lead role of captain phillips is played by tom hanks . the shipping company 's name ismaersk . the route that the ship is scheduled to take is around the horn of africa . captain phillips knows that there has been much somali pirate activityin this area . the united states has had no success in stopping the hijacking . the first day out they are accosted by a somali pirating attempt . the piratesare unsuccessful . on the second day the somali bandits make a successful attempt . after many attempts at evasion the somali pirates are successful inboarding the ship . captain phillips manages to hide most of his crew within the ship . the pirates , while searching the ship have their leader captured by the ship 's crew . after the negoiation process the somali pirates agree to leave the ship on a lifeboat . the pirates take the captain with them . the piratesmake an attempt to reach somalia . in the meantime the united states has called the navy seals into action . the pirates have issued a ten million dollar ransom for captain phillips . eventually the navy seals are able to conduct a rescue effort . captain phillips is safely rescued . this is a tremendousmovie that you should not miss .
= fantastic movie !
< the pirates of the pirates

> this is definitely an adult cookie , not too sweet , with the consistency of a graham cracker and about the same thickness . an english person might refer to such a cookie a *tea biscuit*.each cookie contains dried cranberries ( not nearly enough of them for me ) and you 'll definitely need something to dunk them in if you going to eat more than a couple , either coffee or milk.if you like the taste of home-made scones then you 'd probably like these . i do n't know that it 's a great compliment but these cookies , unlike chocolate chip or oatmeal raisin cookies , *are* resistible . you can set a limit on how many you plan to eat and then lay the package aside . so that might be a left-handed inspiration for me to continue buying them.three cookies ( the serving size ) yield 140 calories . there are about 30 cookies to a package.i 'd buy them again for myself but they 're not a cookie that i would serve to guests if i were trying to impress them .
= pretty good with hot coffee
< not too sweet , but not a cookie

> `` reckless '' was just as amazing as the first two books in the series . the story picks up right where `` effortless '' leaves off . it definitely grabs and holds your attention from beginning to end . one of kellan exes has suddenly resurfaced to get back what she left and she is n't going away without a fight . kiera dad does n't think kellan is right for his daughter and makes his feelings known . kellan 's manager lets kiera know that he will not let her get in the way of kellan 's success even it if means getting rid of her . kellan and the rest of the members of d-bags are touring with another singer who has her own agenda . kellan and kiera 's relationship will tested in more ways than one . can love really conquer all ? this series is definitely one worth reading and i highly recommend the series to anyone looking for a good love story that will keep you entertained and make you laugh .
= reckless
< love kellan and kiera

> it was witty , it was sweet , it was romantic , it was intense , it was happy , it was sad . it was one of my favorite books this summer , and ive read a lot of books this summer . i never read anything by rachel van dyken , and thanks to facebook and all the book bloggers recommendations , i bought and loved it . ms. van dyken made me love wes and kiersten and without giving up the & # 34 ; heart of the story & # 34 ; , just know that you wont be able to not fall in love with them . the seconadary characters are awesome as well and i would love to see gabe get his own book . look forward to checking out other rachel van dyken books right away . thanks rachel for a book that tugged at my heart strings then made my heart beat faster , then made my heart go pitter patter for this adaorable couple .
= absolutely loved this book ! ! !
< witty , romantic , and sweet

> mr z 's jerky teriyaki has a pleasant taste . it 's chewy but not over tough . the seasonings are nice and the product is not overly salty . the bag says this is premium jerky made with only grass fed beef . i can believe it because this is a very nice tasty product.i like mr. z beef jerky . it 's really a no frills quality product in my opinion . the quality of the meat seems good to me and the flavor is well balanced . it 's not too sweet and not too salty . just enough smoky taste . it 's not overly dry or two moist . the pieces are cut into easily bite sized sizes.i only knocked one star off because i think the bag should be resealable . most other brands have resealable bags . i would probably purchase this over other brands of jerky if it 's price competitive .
= flavorful teriyaki taste
< tasty and tasty

> ridley scott 's return to the sci-fi genre that started his career garnered mixed response expecting another & # 34 ; alien & # 34 ; or & # 34 ; blade runner & # 34 ; disappointed some of his fans but not this one . while not the equal of these 2 masterpieces , this sci-fi thriller still holds his own because scott is reaching for more than just thrills -- -perhaps making a statement about mankind . also the acting is top notch with fassbender as david , the android and rapace as then heroine earning top marks . also if you purchase this in 3d ( i saw it in 3d imax ) is outstanding , i do n't understand why one reviewer knocked it maybe he was having a bad day . anyway grab this if you 're in to sci-fi or a scott fan .
= scott scores a home run in his return to sci-fi !
< a sci-fi thriller

> titanic was one of the biggest and beloved films of 1997 , and after a decade later , this blockbuster still satisfies the audience . leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet are a perfect match in this romantic drama . their chemistry is like no other , their characters jack and rose are so dynamic together , it 's hard to ignore their lingering passion . directed by james cameron , this film was delayed and critics thought this film would sink but it became a monster hit and won many academy awards including best picture . i still think dicaprio should have been nominated for best actor , he was totally robbed ! titanic is one film that everyone should own , it 's funny , moving , and sensational . happy viewing !
= 10 years later , still a beautiful film !
< `` i 'm a monster hit ! ''

> old kili 's instant ginger lemon beverage mix provided a spicy ginger drink with a hint of lemon and honey . i have acid reflux ( grd ) and am fond of the more holistic treatments than constantly reaching for the tums . ginger is one such holistic recommendation for grd . it is also great for sore throats . generally i drink a thai ginger drink ( hotta ) which is n't quite as spicy , but has no sweetener added to it . kili 's is a great alternative . warning -- if you are not familiar with drinking ginger drinks -- this one has some serious kick to it ! however , if you like spicy then you 'll love this !
= spicy with a hint of lemon and honey
< spicy , spicy , and spicy !

> it 's a neat invention that probably is unnecessary . it has worked fine for me the last month or so , and it has not come undone from the dryer like for some people , and there is plenty left to keep softening clothes , but dryer sheets seem to cost a bit less , and you get a little more even coverage with them . this one sometimes rubs off and leaves a bit of a smudgy spot on dark clothes . nothing very noticeable , but still a bit annoying . good product if putting in dryer sheets is too much trouble for you ? ?
= easy to use , but maybe unnecessary
< works well , but not a good product

> this is one of my favorite books ever . i kept a smile on my face the entire last chapter . omg ! drew is the sweetest thing . this was a great conclusion to this series . you get closure in both fable 's and drew 's personal lives with their parents and both are closures that work well . it 's just a happy book for most part in the sense that drew and fable finally realize that they complete each other and heal each other . great book and great series . definitely worth the read .
= absolutely wonderful
< drew and fable

> i grew tired of fighting with my original 3 ' apple cable when trying to charge my phone from my favorite chair -- the outlet is behind the chair so i could n't use the phone and charge it at the same time.the 6 ' amazon lightening cable is perfect . the length is perfect and in fact the quality is far superior to the original apple cable -- thicker and more durable . i do n't have any issue charging it with the leather case i use for the iphone 5 as a few reviews mentioned.it 's perfect
= better than the original apple cable !
< perfect for the price

> this is a fantastic detergent by a well trusted brand . tide original scent is not the best smelling , but it leaves a pleasant scent on the clothes . i washed some clothes that had grass stains on them and poured a bit of the detergent on the stain and then threw it in the wash and the clothes came out nice and clean . keep in mind this bottle is designed for top loaders , and if you have an he washer , you must purchase one formulated for the he washer.i highly recommend it .
= for top loaders , not for he
< fantastic detergent

> this is an interesting new concept . it needs water to release the lubricant that is ij between the blades . it does work but not enough and as good as a dedicated shaver gel . but if you do n't have any gell around , it works better than soap.the shaver has a nice feel on it . the handle is easy to hold . also the included blade cover is good because i often forget to leave the razor by side of the tub with the blades exposed .
= works somewhat
< interesting new concept

> it 's the usual smash-em-up nonsense here , with lots of loud banging and crashing for most of the more than 2-hour running time : too long , incidentally . too many close-ups of robert downey jr. 's mug inside his superhero outfit . i grew weary . the plot is the usual saving the earth from outer-space takeover nonsense . the reviews are a bit over the top . this is just another hollywood payday for the all-star cast . nothing special at all .
= i was bored
< i 'm a fan

> i have to give a middle-of-the-road review on this one . it has a light flavor that is n't horrible but is n't all that pleasant either . at first , the thought of drinking aloe water made me think 'ew ' but it was n't as bad as i expected . it is a nice low-calorie item . i did find that it was refreshing after exercising . there was nothing redeeming enough for me to want try this product again .
= this wo n't be a drink for everyone
< not bad

> and it 's great . my kindle had lost the volume and amazon.com sent me this new one to replace it . i did n't have any insurance for it and of course i got it 2 days just like everything i order with my prime accti love my kindle even my original one but the fire is an everything and we use it as such . my dh , grandson every adult granddaughter use it -- it 's a fun thing !
= this was sent to me as a replacement
< love it !

> we tried this taco bell brand chipotle sauce on burritos , and it did add flavor , but to me was not spicey enough . i like hot stuff , and this was good , but would'nt consider this spicy at all . try this sauce , you may like it . it did add good flavor to our meal .
= taco bell sauce
< good , but not spicey enough

> & # 8220 ; in the existence of our lives , there is a single coincidence that brings us together and for a moment , our hearts beat as one. & # 8221 ; nothing i write about this story is as beautiful as this quote is . so i will leave it at that .
= great emotional read
< beautiful

> ok , still no conclusion ! ! how many arrangements can there be ? 10 chapters to this book and it is starting to get boring . just end and start something new . let me guess the room mate is going to try and blackmail her into a threesome . just end this please .
= alright
< ok

> this was sa good read but it got me crazy because these relationships were strange . i do n't know who goes to these extremes for the love of a parent . i was totally at a crossroad about the ending . i think that this book was just strange .
= good read
< good read

> the bottom line : few could deny that war of the worlds has its share of flaws , but capable direction and special effects coupled with a few outstanding scenes make this film ( just ) worth recommending despite its ludicrous and abrupt ending .
= 3 stars out of 4
< 3 stars out of 4

> this book is ok , but something was missing . i liked the characters sinclair , reed and jesse but other characters were like perverts or something mentally wrong with them . book was ok but definitely nothing to get excited about .
= something was missing
< ok

> five stars better than the first . i picked up james and bianca 's story and gave us further background on why there belong together . i can not wait until the next book .
= up in air
< loved it

> i absolutely loved this book and i ca n't wait for the next book ! i hope that ryder makes it back and he and maddie get married .
= loved it ! ! ! ! !
< loved it !

> pretty good ghost movie . i liked it a lot . this movie is very good i love it and so will you . recommend it for everyone
= suspenseful
< pretty good

> i enjoyed this book . it is somewhat predictable but she does throw in a few curve balls . liked the characters .
= good read
< good book

> the collins classics version is outstanding . it 's inexpensive ( $ 6 or so when i purchased ) , though compact it is very legible . the paper is thick enough so that the font on the other side does n't show through . binding is tight though the spine gets bent quite a lot even after one read through . what i particularly enjoyed was the collins classic english literature dictionary in the back . it includes many outdated or no longer used terms and words so that you do n't have to reach for the computer if you do n't really know what an 'entail ' is or what 'persnickety ' means . but it is a compact , standard mass market paperback size , and that 's my one beef.as for the novel . classic english literature is amazing , and this novel is one of the cornerstones of the 19th century english literature scene . along with dickens and the bronte sisters , austen 's novels seem to capture the lives of the english in these times . though pride and prejudice deals mainly with the wealthy , or at least the privileged class , we get to see a wonderful story unfold . like the title states , this story deals with the pride of one character and the prejudice of another . many peripheral plots unfold and help add to the overall story while the main plot moves along quite well.it 's a novel that is often placed on reading lists in school , though i feel that in reading this in my early 30s that i can really truly grasp the emotions and trials of these characters more completely . if you read this when young , then do yourself a service and re-read this novel . it 's amazing ! then watch the colin firth bbc series .
= wonderful book . collins classics version a great value !
< the collins classics is amazing !

> lost and translation is about 2 lonely americans who meet in japan and strike a friendship . one is a actor who is there doing wine commercials and the other is a lonely wife of a phographer who has no time for her . they meet one night at the bar in the motel they 're staying at and after that start spending more time together . they get so close as friends that it 's gon na be hard for both of them when it 's time to say their good-byes.i guess you can say they fall in love but there 's no sex , is basically romance without the romance . that 's a nice change too and it just leaves the film to be sweet and innocent . it shows that 2 people can enjoy being with each other without sex as well which a lot of movies do n't have . mean in a lot movies , guy meets girl and they hit if off and have sex . here guy meets girl , they hit it off but never have sex . even if the movie is n't really meant to be romantic it still is . it sorta has a casablanca feel to it where they love each other but can never be together . she 's married and so is he . so they just enjoy each others company and make the best of their otherwise boring and lonely trip to japan . it 's a very mellow film but the fact that it can be slow and mellow makes it seem more realistic . it 's a really good movie and bill murray scarlett johansson are wonderful .
= sweet and innocent
< a very mellow film

> the only thing i can honestly say that i like about the dog food is the convenient , reseal able bag . we had a stray appear in our neighborhood and although i 'm not an avid animal lover , i also do n't like to see animals suffer so we began feeding him . when offered this to try and review i had hoped it would be a chance to try a nutritious , wholesome food without wasting money on something he would n't eat . unfortunately that is not the case . this food contains a lot of corn and corn is just not that good for dogs.as far as taste , our adopted dog loves it . when placed side by side with his current food he immediately went to and wolfed this down . but dogs are like children in that when offered candy , ice cream , cookies or healthy nutritious food you know which one the child will almost always pick . that is why it 's up to the owners/dog lovers to look closely at ingredients and fillers and pick the food that is good for our animals to eat.in looking at the package you would think that all the pictures of vegetables and meats would represent what is actually being served . in this case looks are deceiving . is it better than some ? yes . are there better foods available ? yes !
= dog likes it ...
< dog loves it !

> i got this for the driver side of our 4-door honda accord ( 2001 ) . this is a cheaper version of their icon wiper line . one of the differences is that it does n't have that little plastic hood that cover the metal hook . like the icon , it is also very light and made mostly with composite materials instead of metal parts.the soft frame curves and conforms to the shape of the surface glass as opposed to conventional wipers that has two parts - the metal frame and the moving part that is the rubber . no streak and it looks great on my car.replacing wipers is pretty easy . you may need to look at the instruction as different manufacturers have different ways of releasing them from the hook , but basically takes only thirty seconds to remove the old and snap a new one.caution : be careful when you leave the wiper standing on your windshield after you remove the old one . the wiper is spring loaded , without the wiper it is pure metal and it may snap back to your windshield glass . you may want to place a cardboard box or a towel on top of your glass to protect it while replacing your wipers .
= works great - cheaper price
< great for the driver side of our 4-door

> surprisingly i had never tried no fear energy drinks but when i got offered this product on the amazon vine newsletter i figured id give it a try . i 'm so glad i did , i 'm also happy to see it offered on amazon.com . this drink is right up there with some of the best ive ever tasted . great taste and no mentionable crash aftrrward the calories are reasonable for an energy drink however keep in mind it is 130 calories per serving and this bad boy contains two . it also has 34g of carbs 33g of sugar 1000mg of taurine 87 mg of caffeine 25 mg of l-carnitine and 10mg of l-arginine . the price may seem high but its actually about the same as most others . for around $ 28.00 you get 12 16oz energy drinks it equals about $ 2.33 a piece so like i said not bad . i recommend this drink for anything from helping you wake up in the morning , to working out or even a mid day pick up but probably not if your trying to loose weight . this drink will for sure help you show no fear ! ! !
= have no fear super energy is here ! !
< great taste , but not a good way to get the energy drinks ! !

> this is a quick read at 149 pages.spencer & brandon 's meeting is pretty good . oh you will have to get it use to the 2 main female characters have male names spencer & ryan- it kept messing me up as i started to read it i had to reread until it finally clicked . i really thought it was going to be a perfect relationship but then there was a bombshell & that bombshell brought it to the next level . lots of hot steamy sex ! ! pretty good ending that leaves you wanting more of spencer & brandon but youwo n't loose sleep over it.wanted is the next book due out april 2013quotes : '' when life hands you lemons , they say to make lemonade . well , life just handed me a whole lemon tree . `` `` he was there one second and gone the next . was he some sort of ninja ? . `` `` i just told him thank you for being a douche bag and giving me the opportunity to treat you the way you are supposed to be treated . `` read more on my blog iloveladyporn dot com
= bombshell away ! !
< quick read

> this was pretty easy to install . i cleaned my screen thoroughly with a micro fiber cloth - no wet cleaners which could leave a residue . i followed the directions to place it ( and could reposition carefully if necessary ) . it was hard to remove all the bubbles but i got just about all of them . like any screen film , it picks up any tiny piece of dust and creates a bubble around it . the tip ( from the directions ) is to use a piece of tape to lift off any of those oddities which did work.it helps to take the glare and reflections off the screen but slightly dulls down the display . it did not make it any easier to read outside in sunlight . it was still pretty impossible.however , an added bonus is that if you use your fingers instead of a stylus , this stops the fingerprints from showing or even staying on the screen.the package comes with three screen films , cleaning cloth , instructions , and a plastic mini card for removing bubbles .
= fairly easy install , cuts glare , adds a haze
< easy to install , but not a good price

> my daughter and i like playtex tampons for their dependable absorbency , and love the plastic applicators because of the comfortable insertion , but this is the first time we 've tried the scented ones.i had some misgivings about using scented tampons because it seems like the perfume would be absorbed into the body vaginally . but my first impression upon opening one was recoiling from the strong floral scent . it reminded me of 1960s sanitary napkins , which had a distinctive floral scent that immediately announced that you were menstruating to anyone who smelled it.although we used a couple of these tampons just to give them a fair test , my daughters and i all agreed that the scent was overpowering and clashed with body wash , deodorant and perfume . we also worried about that strong scent being absorbed into our bodies . as far as menstrual absorbency , these work great for super heavy flow , and give about 4 hours of worry-free wear . but we 'll be looking for the unscented ones next time .
= too perfume-y !
< great for super heavy flow

> i always use cold water and i had a colored t-shirt that had an oily stain on it that had not come out in a previous wash. i used some of this tide right on the stain , and washed a load with it . after the t-shirt was dry , the stain was completely gone . coldwater tide saved a favorite shirt ! it 's easy to use - just a cap per large load is what i use . i do like the smell- i often use gain scent beads but i can skip it when i use tide . leaves my laundry very clean and smelling nice.i do n't always use tide . it 's expensive , but i do always have a bottle on hand . if i 've got lightly used sheets and towels , i will use a cheaper brand , but if i 've got really dirty clothes , with possible or existant stains , then i always bring out the tide . being able to use coldwater is a real bonus .
= got out greasy stain on t-shirt in cold water
< coldwater tide saved tide

> i have to make a disclosure . i am a woman and i used this balm after shaving my legs . yes , it true . i used laser hair removal for my legs and there is barely any hair - but once a month , i do a little touch up by manually shaving my legs for any stray hairs ( knees and other hard to reach areas ) . i do not use expansive shavers but i do care that my legs do not get irritated after shawing and that skin is properly moisturized afterwards . so i figured if men can use this balm on their face , i should be just fine using it on my legs . and i was right . product provides dual action . it calms skin and it also hydrates it . i do smell like a man after using this product , but who cares . i do it over the weekend , so no one will ever know ! thank you , dove !
= balm that will make your skin calm
< i am a woman and i do n't use this balm !

> since these are removable ( non-permanent ) labels , i 'm not sure how well these will stay on in the long term , but for now they work great ! since they are removable , they make changing file labels a cinch ; it 's so nice to be able to peel them off , instead of having to put a new label over an old one.these are also designed for both laser and inkjet printers , and they fed just perfectly through my inkjet.as another reviewer mentioned , you can go to 3m/post-it 's website and download a template to use with these , but they are also compatible with an avery template , which microsoft word comes with.the only downside i can see is a problem i have with all labels : if i only need a few , i do n't want to waste an entire page of labels and you 're not supposed to run these through your printer more than once.other than that , these are great !
= adhere well
< great for laser labels !

> magic , illusions , physical and mind tricks but more than trickery , truth . i truly did enjoy reading `` the night circus '' , by erin morgenstern - it is so the genre i 'm drawn to . the premise is magnificently novel , the characters weave intricately , and nicely , and some are so endearing . the prose , it 's delightfully poetic . the author is descriptive in the extreme , which i liked , and exact in her writing ; i enjoyed it , i did . however , like that which holds together `` the night circus '' itself , the story lacks substance . not that there is n't the basis for it . there was much opportunity to draw the characters out further as ms. morgenstern has a terrific story but she fails to deliver it with pizazz . the premise is wickedly extravagant but there might have been more depth to the relationships ; but poof !
= like magic , the ending goes `` poof '' .
< magic , illusions , and mind tricks

> i 'm normally not a big fan of movie remakes . in my experience hollywood botches it good ; especially when the first film was a smash hit . that said , i went in expecting a mediocre film and got blown away.the strength of this film is not only in the love energy between our star crossed lovers , but , additionally , in the humorous mix of contemporary music ( i.e . madonna 's like a virgin ; sting 's roxanne ; the lift is up where we belong ( not sure if that 's the title ) ; in the name of love ; etc ) .expect zany style humor with a great deal going off to the sides . you will need to sometimes be a bit quick to pick up on everything , but , that 's okay , because this is the new moulin rouge ! ! !
= surprisingly good ! ! ! !
< a great film

> i 've read all of connelly 's books , but have started to feel a sense of fatigue in the overall tone of the books . harry has slowly seemed to morph from a tough buck the system detective to a slightly cranky old man who beats himself up for being both a subpar father to a daughter who at least on paper seems pretty perfect , and a cop who is being dragged kicking and screaming into the modern technological age . the story of a cold case revolving around a foreign journalist killed during the la riots follows all the right paths of your standard detective novel , and maybe that 's part of what i was feeling as well . while quick to read , the sheer tension that has been ratcheted up in previous novels was missing here , and what 's left is pretty average .
= maybe it 's time to think about retirement
< a average detective novel

> i 've been using avery removable file folder labels for years , with mixed results . depending on how many times a page of labels has been run through the printer , and how long the label has been on a folder , i found that the labels were losing their stickiness . since i 've liked other post-it products , i decided to give a try to these file folder labels , and so far , they are performing far better than the avery alternative . their stickiness seems better , and they also seem easy to remove from folders when i want to . this batch of 750 labels will last me some time , and i 'll know more about them after they have been on folders for a while . at this time , i 'm very pleased with how well they do the job .
= superior
< great labels

> this deodorant goes on smooth , and it does n't show on your clothing . perfect ! i always look for deodorants that work well , smell great , and are invisible . dove is such a great brand , and i love all of their products . they support realistic women in terms of body shape , and they use real images in their advertising . this earns all of my respect ! i choose dove over other products because of this . i usually usedove ultimate go fresh revive antiperspirant/deodorant , 2.6 ounce ( pack of 4 ) , and have for years . this deodorant is just like that one , in terms of protection . i would recommend this to my friends and family !
= stops the sweat , smells great , and is smoooooth !
< great for smooth women !

> this is a good idea . it works well . but it costs too much.without using it for a long time to know it 's actual longevity , this bag seems like it will hold up well . the zipper seems sturdy . a sandwich fits in the bag well . even a bun would work . however , a two-slices-of-bread/boloney/tall-stack-of-lettuce/miracle-whip-dressing sandwich is a little tall to squeeze in without a little loss of sandwich integrity ! but for the normal sandwich , this is fine . it can also hold any other stuff you may want to put in there.i think this is a good idea , but for what amounts to a piece of plastic and a zipper , i think the cost is too high .
= good idea but costs too much
< good idea , but costs too high

> who would have thought it possible to improve on casablanca ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? well , buy this and revel in it . everything that worked up to now , the sets , the lighting , the camera work , the shadows , the acting ( especially the ecsquisite ham on wry of claude rains ) , the atmosphere , the witty dialogue , the close-ups of bogey and bergman ; all are enhanced by this new technology . viva la hi-def ! i am forever in your debt . now where did i put those 'letters of transit ' ! ! ! i just have to travel to casablanca one more time before the nazi 's cut off all ingress !
= `` louie ... this could be the beginning of a beautiful visual friendship ''
< i !

> i am not a fan of historical books but i freaking loved this book ! you have bradfords , food , fighting , & romance . this is the story of how it all began.elizabeth and robert have been childhood enemies for years . when they meet later on in life at first they do n't know who the other is . they have sex and then find out who they are . they still try to torture each other until elizabeth finds out she 's pregnant , so robert does the noble thing and marries her . but she 's already in love with him and he does n't want to live without her .
= loved it..read it in one day .
< freaking loved this book !

> the apocalyptic script reveals the sinister possibility of the final response of the nature under the irreversible effects of the pollution . the melting of the poles is a reality . those pessimist voices in the far seventies as barry commoner have become in a reference reading.i guess the human being wo n't wait to the last minute to change the fatal coordinates . and in this sense , the film whether or not it 's a clear warning , far beyond ideological status and politic beliefs . our convoluted and contaminated earth is our unique space navy , it is good to remember it.spectacular special effects make this film a must see .
= the final advertence !
< the melting of the pollution

> it 's hard to find a leather case for a kindle fire , much less one that is thin . this one is a case that fits around the kindle fire hd 8.9 and it sits into it . no corners to click into it . it 's made for the device . it closes and it is very thin , thinner than any case i 've seen . the leather is good quality too and the rest of the cover is a matching rubber . it could stand up to a lot of abuse . plus , it has speaker holes and all that jazz .
= i like this because it is so thin and well , leather
< thin , thin , and thin

> i love dove body wash and this one for sensitive skin is really great . i could n't believe how much lather you get for the small amount that you use and it makes you feel ultra clean and soft . it makes regular soap a distant memory of the past that will stay that way . i have tried a number of dove body washes and this one is right up there with my favorite . fragrance is n't overly strong like some other similar products . use this then a bit of lotion afterward and your skin will rejoice .
= love it .
< great body wash

> so ellery made me a little nutso . she was crazy dramatic and sometimes i think someone needed to slap her upside the head.the meeting between these two was hilarious ! the story played out nicely and was alternately funny and dramatic . i really liked ellery 's best friend peyton , she was the perfect bff.conner has his flaws too , but they made me love him more . good book ! check it out for yourself .
= i loved conner black
< hilarious !

> i am so glad i finally got around to reading this book . being told from drew 's pov was the perfect way to read this . i loved drew and his unashamed ways . i loved how kate was strong , intelligent and did not take any crap from drew . they are the perfect ying and yang . what drew ad to go through and discover was perfect . great first novel emma chase !
= hillarious ! !
< loved it !

> i loved beauty from pain . book 2 was ok. and book 3 was really not necessary in my opinion . she could have written a novena or extended book 2. this book fell flat and was a bit boring . jack henry is a totally different person here . i know , it 's good that he changed , but not so much to where he is unrecognizable as a the character .
= disappointing
< not what i expected

> i read this book in my english class before i saw the movie , and i must say i was amazed enough to actually continually read this novel as opposed to going to the cliff notes . it is rather engaging , and gregory peck , although giving one of the greatest performances of all time , did not give atticus finch the justice he well deserved.highly recommended .
= to kill a mockingbird
< a great movie

> as far as measuring cups go , these are sleek and modern . the stainless steel makes for easy cleanup , the sizes are well proportioned with comfortable grip handles . not to mention when my young children bang them around the kitchen , they make for great impromptu instruments that free up a little time to finish cooking our dinner .
= sleek & modern
< great for my children bang

> i have not had any serious complaints from my chocolate lab ; o ) she likes them but then again she isnt very picky . i like that they have health benefits for her . you also get a large quantity of the quality product for a great price .
= good enough ...
< great for health

> this series is definitely a dark and twisted tale of two completely opposite people who end up not so opposite . i loved sophia and james . throughout this series you ca n't help but become attached to their story . i hope there is more to come .
= so dark and twisted ... .
< dark and twisted

> the story starts out fast & to the point . as the years pass thats when it seemed to drag out a bit for me . i knew where the end ... ... .read more on my blog iloveladyporn.com
= hurt & forgiveness
< good story

> halfway through reading this book with the whole edward/bella/jacob triangle , i got disgusted with the whole thing with jacoband edward both being possessive and fighting . i just wishthat bella had not picked either of them .
= please just stop !
< not what i expected

> as usual playtex products do the job with quiet efficiency that we ladies need . thank you for another great product playtex !
= does the job
< playtex playtex playtex

> jerry bruckheimer ( top gun ) and director ridley scott are cinema geniuses . i have loved ridley scott since i saw gladiator with russell crowe , and when i started to watch this movie and heard the soundtrack it all clicked . in fact , the brilliance of the movie is how fine the mesh is between the cinematography , and the music which is like a fine gold thread thru a priceless tapestryyes , this is a blood and gutts , war is hell movie but war is hell and most people should know that ! anyone the least bit familiar with the horrid images of american troops under siege in the somalian city of mogadishu in october 1993 , where our dead servicemen were being drug thru the streets , probably do not know about the mission that was supposed to be a 45-minute in and out mission but instead it turned into the most horrid and bloody 16-hour visit to bowels of hell.it all began with a war lord and rabid moslem muhammad farrah aidid and inter-clan fighting gripped somalia , famine stalked the country killing 350,000 people by december 1992 , and leading the united nations to dispatch an american-led military force , operation restore hope to assist in the distribution of food . but aidid viewed the un operation suspiciously . but it would be the american service men who would pay the highest price.october 3 , 18 american soldiers were killed after launching an attempt to capture aidid which left 300 somalis dead and aidid still at large . president clinton abandoned the hunt for aidid called for a speedy american withdrawal from somalia . something all americans should reflect upon now that we are in a war situation in iraq . this is a must see movie for any person who cares about the harms way we send our young men and women into .
= heart wrenching and brilliant
< the best movie of the year !

> let me start by saying , i loved book 1 , and went into book 2 with low expectations , simply thinking , there is no way this can compete with book one . boy was i wrong ! ! ! and being wrong never felt so great ! ! i was beyond shocked to find madeline sheehan not only met my expectations , but exceeded them . book 2 was just as good as book 1 , which says a great deal ! i loved this book ! where do i even begin ? her writing style just sucks you into the story . it 's one of those books you need to go into knowing , you will not accomplish much of anything else in life until you finish this book , because it 's impossible to put down . the writer has a way of making you feel and love every character despite their many flaws . you feel every raw emotion , all the vulnerability etc . i loved the story and the fact that it does n't end on a cliffhanger is also a huge plus . it 's also promising that there are so many characters and story lines left unresolved ( but not in a painful way ) that leave room for more books to come . i could not have been more impressed ( which says a lot ) ! ! ! go ahead and buy this book now , you will not be disappointed ! i can only hope that it does n't take as long to come out with a book 3. it seemed like a long a*s wait between books 1 and 2.how much did i pay : $ 2.99was it worth it : yes , and then somewill i recommend : yes
= madeline sheehan wows us once again ! exceeded my expectations
< i loved this book ! ! !

> when people say that this is the best movie of 1999 , they are absolutely correct . this is a touching , sometimes funny , and sometimes heartbreaking film from sam mendes . it takes a look at the dark sides ( as well as the fun sides ) of suburban america . the film does n't condemn this specific lifestyle , but it does n't pay tribute to it , either . it 's an examination on many of its unique aspects . kevin spacey 's character lester is at the heart of the story : here is a man who ca n't stand his job and is inspired ( by his daughter 's best friend ) to regain his youth . this may be an unoriginal plot ( and some of the characters ) , but it 's the way it 's executed that makes it so effective . the realism surrounding lester and his family is almost to a t. carolyn , his wife , is almost unlikable because of her materialistic fixations . but then again , annette bening gives a completely compelling performance . the younger actors ( birch as jane , bentley as ricky , and suvari as angela ) also give fine performances . chris cooper almost steals the show as the supposedly homophobic military man.filled with impressive imagery , clever symbolism , and a memorable music score from thomas newman , i 'd say that american beauty is indeed the best film of 1999. it deserved all the awards it received . it 's an american classic , and i think it 's going to become one of my favorite films in the future.grade : 9.5 out of 10
= tales of american suburbia
< the best movie of 1999

> this is the follow-up story to & # 34 ; consequences & # 34 ; . once again claire is the central character at the heart of the story . there were times in this that she infuriated me , and at others had my sympathy . tony 's character is expanded upon and we learn a lot more about him , and what drives his behaviour . in fact i came to like him a whole lot more.there are a whole host of new players for the reader to meet who play a pivotal role in claire 's life . the twists and turns of this certainly keep the readers attention . right from the beginning to the very end.as i read this i was amazed by the storytelling ability of the author . i was thrilled when ms. romig allowed me a review copy . this is a complex and involved tale , full of tension and drama . that will keep you turning the pages . i am not giving any plot details as i do n't want to spoil it for everyone . what i will say is that if you enjoyed the first book . this one is even better imo . please be aware that this is not a stand alone story , you have to read them in order . and i believe that there is to be a further addition to this series next year . i can hardly wait .
= exciting and tension filled sequel
< a follow-up to read

> this seemed to be a well built unit . it is very thin . everything you need comes in the box . that alone is impressive . it even comes with suction cups so that you can stick it to the inside of your windowshield if you need to . it has a cigerrette lighter jack too . that is very nice.as others have mentioned , because it is a 2.5w it is not meant to charge a large battery or bring something up to fully charged . rather this product is more intended to keep some small battery charged up.we always have dead batteries on the motorcycle or the boat or even the camper battery . this seems like a good thing to use when you go camping . if you already have a battery charged up , but your using it while your camping , you can use this to help boost the charge during the day.i drug my husband outside and we played with it on a sunny day hooking it up , checking charges and unhooking etc . it seemed to be doing it 's job and it seems like it can be a useable product . it was easy to use and easy to understand how to work it . the directions are clear.as we use this some more i will update with more information on day to day use and camping battery use .
= seems to work fine
< very thin

> i was pleased to see that bryan singer was returning to the x-men franchise after bailing to make the superman returns movie . i enjoyed the first two x-men movies ( not so much with the third ) .x-men : first class is an origin story of how the x-men first form . you will see the early stories of professor x and magneto and how their friendship forms to become a working alliance.james mcavoy and michael fassbender do fantastic jobs in their roles but the oscar should go to kevin bacon who plays the villain . it 's been a while since i 've seen bacon in anything worth seeing and he does a perfect bad guy.the other characters are just there for filler . they do tie in to the other films and there are a couple cameos that may come as a surprise . but all in all this is a fun summer movie . you do n't have to think too hard , the special effects are `` special '' enough without being hokey and there is enough emotional resonance to keep people plugged in . ( fassbender finds his strength here ) this movie proposes that mutants were actually involved in some of the cuban missile ramp ups . it ties comic book and actual history in a nice package.a fine addition to the bryan singer x-men movies .
= kevin bacon rules
< the x-men first form

> if you are a fan of classic disaster films like allen 's the poseidon adventure and the towering inferno , you 're sure to like the day after tomorrow , roland emmerich 's salute to the horrors of global warming.dennis quaid stars as a climatologist who finds catastrophic storms are attacking the planet , leading to what could be a new ice age . his son , well-played by jake gyllenhaal , is trapped in manhattan when the trouble starts , and finds refuge from a tidal wave in the public library , along with his crush , emmy rossum . quaid walks from philadelphia to rescue his son , despite sub-freezing temperatures , while those lucky americans who live near mexico are crossing the border and setting up refugee camps.good disaster movies are always full of stereotypes and this is no exception : we have the fearless parents , the pompous politician , the teens in love , the comic-relief homeless man with dog , etc . sure , it 's full of corny moments and implausible plot elements , but that 's all secondary to the magnificent special effects - killer tornados in los angeles , the spectacular flooding and freezing of manhattan , and even a ship floating down fifth avenue . the effects are eye-popping and jaw-dropping , and it 's great fun . enjoy !
= irwin allen would be proud !
< a fun disaster disaster movie !

> ok , i actually liked all of the movies ( i am legend [ blu-ray ] , the last man on earth , andthe omega man ) that were based on this classic story , but none of them really do full justice to the book.no plot spoilers from me : the story centers on robert neville , perhaps the last `` normal '' man alive . neville faces nightly torment from a horde of `` vampires '' and spends his days gathering supplies and hunting down the vampires when he can find them . this not an action centric tale , but rather a somewhat deeper look into the mind of a man driven by loneliness and torment , but still holding on to a glimmer of hope for the future.matheson does great a job setting the tone and moving the story along in a surprisingly succinct and `` mater of fact '' way , making this a fairly short , but very enjoyable read . this still holds up nicely after all these years ! highly recommended ! cfhnote : that title quote was borrowed from a friend , i only wish i was that clever !
= never judge a book by its movie ( s ) - highly recommended !
< a classic !

> if the statement is true that phospolipids create greater bioavailability of omega 3 's when taken together , this product may help me more than just my regular omega 3s . there is no doubt that i benefit from taking omega 3s . i have had blood tests confirm by better cholesterol numbers . there are probably many other benefits as well that i am not aware of . but perhaps with this product , my body will be able to process the omega 3s better and thus i would get more benefit . i do n't know . and i wo n't be repeating bloodwork now for probably 10 more months.i do like jarrow formulas and trust them . there are some products of theirs that i do not like and i have reflected that in my review . but for the most part , i believe them to be a trustworthy and reputable company and would recommend them .
= greater bioavailability of omega 3s with phospholipids
< omega 3

> i was skeptical when i heard that this movie would be produced by luc besson ( the professional , la femme nikita ) , the go to man or the french joel silver of action movies since some of his films have been hit and miss . this turns out to be a hit ( it 's already grossed $ 143 million thus far ) thanks to the casting of liam neesom ( schindler 's list ; rob roy ) . a physically imposing actor of great presence , neesom brings this physicality to the role of an retired cia man brought back into action when his daughter is kidnapped in paris . what ensues is 97 minutes of breakneck action and neesom is totally convincing in this role . it may lack the complexity of the bourne series but if you like your action movies to be lean and mean -- this is the flick to see ! !
= liam goes into action mode to rescue his daughter !
< luc besson is the best action movie of the year ! !

> asher is hawt and november is great . this book is a bit lighter than most romance books i read , so it was a welcome change . the story is engaging without being an angst fest . there is a bit of angst , but not the pull your hair out type , but enough . i instantly fell in love with this couple and all the secondaries as well . if you are a kristen ashley fan , and i am totally a ka fan , you will love the alpha factor in all the males in the book and the sweetness and spunk of november , and the banter is great too ! no spoilers , just want to let you know no cliffhanger and there is a hea.loved it so much , i instantly purchased and read until trevor and am looking forward to until lilly . great job aurora rose reynolds
= great combination of sexy and fun
< asher is hawt !

> these are n't your old , run of the mill saltines . fact is they are really edging on the gourmet side . i liked the somewhat strong parmesan garlic flavor and the crispy/crunchy texture is really nice . these are perfect with cheddar or swiss cheese and they also match up well with hummus or fresh salsa or even onion dip . i could see using these in salads in place of croutons or on a party tray.the only problem i had with these crackers is they are sort of addictive . i could n't stop at one cracker to write this review . i went through six before i put the breaks on . no doubt about it , i 'm going to buy these and also look for other favors . they are really good even plain .
= very good cracker
< addictive

> avitae caffeinated water is 16.9 ounces ( 500 ml ) of purified non-sparkling water with 90 mg of caffeine and a bit of citric acid.although the plastic bottle ( with an unusual space-age design ) claims that it tastes like nothing , it most certainly has a very slight taste of bitter caffeine similar to what results from drinking a glass of tonic water and then letting all the ice melt.i am not a big fan of water with additives such as vitamins or even of bottled still water in general ( as it is generally the triumph of marketing over common sense ) but for someone who needs caffeine and is unable to swallow caffeine tablets and does n't enjoy coffee , tea , or soda , this would certainly be worth trying .
= water + caffeine
< tastes like nothing , but tastes like nothing

> ok so i 'm a big believer in telling it how it is . first the characters are awesome and i love the storyline . however i hate the rough draft part . the underlining of words that are misspelled . the crossed off words that do n't fit . yeah those mistakes screw up the flow if you know what i mean . that is why i could n't give this 5 stars.since the publisher offered me a free version with all the mistakes corrected i will happily change my stars to 5. however i will decline the offer since i already read the story and the mistakes wo n't change the story just the flow of the story .
= happy to have read this !
< i 'm a big believer

> thomas anderson ( keanu reeves ) , alias neo , is a computer programmer by day and a hacker by night who is not getting much sleep due to troubled thoughts . one evening neo receives a message on his computer and later a strange phone call from a different hacker who goes by the name morpheus ( laurence fishburne ) . this is the beginning of a complete turmoil related to neo 's existence and he is thrown into an adventure unlike no other ever created , no pun intended . matrix is a clever science fiction story that triggers reflection in regards to our existence and values , which can be experienced through fast paced action packed entertainment .
= digital dreams or reality ...
< clever science fiction story

> `` epilogue '' was amazing . i loved this book as much as i loved the first two . this story is told from caleb 's pov and what a story it is . it definitely leaves you wanting more and i truly want more . the ending leaves it open to the possibility . all i can say is if you have n't read the first two books in the series i highly suggest you pick up this series and sit back for the ride of your life . i loved everything about this series but if you are against reading about rape and abuse in a book then this series this is not the one for you .
= loved it ! ! !
< amazing !

> elf starring the hilarious will ferrel , james caan , and zooey deschanel is a cute and funny holiday film . i was n't expecting much before i watched it , but elf is a gem from beginning to end . ferrell 's performance brings both wide-eyed innocence and hypersensitive drama to the extreme . parts of this film are so silly but enjoyable . this is a new holiday classic , just as good as a christmas story and christmas vacation . elf will have you weeping like an infant from laughing so much . defintely one to add to your holiday collection . enjoy !
= the tallest elf around .
< `` i 'm a classic ! ''

> this razor provides a close shave and includes a convenient suction cup stand that attaches to my shower wall . i was hoping the moisturizing bars above and below the blade would eliminate the need for shaving cream , and they definitely help , but did n't quite fill the bill . the only razor i 've found that contains enough moisturizer to eliminate the need for soap or shaving cream is thegillette venus embrace pink razor , 1 razor 2 womens razor refill cartridges kit . for this reason , i 'll continue using my gillette venus .
= smooth shave with suction cup stand
< close shave

> when i originally saw this in the theaters ( opening week , of course ) , i was somewhat disappointed . when it came out on dvd , i rented it and liked it better . i bought the dvd and have viewed it several times since then . each time i like it better . there is much more to the story than meets the eye ( and jar-jar gets less annoying ) . although the transfer is n't the greatest , it is still good and better than some theaters .
= gets better with every viewing
< good story , but still good

> i have been using this for several weeks now . we use it as lotion for myself and my toddler ( both have eczema ) , and for diaper cream as needed ( we cloth diaper ) . i really like this brand ! it has a much smoother consistency than several others i 've tried . it seems to stay solid better in the jar , and melts very nicely when warmed by touch . i may be switching to this brand for future use ! i really like it .
= smooth , great for lotion and diaper cream .
< great for diaper cream !

> this sunscreen lotion has a very tangy , sharp smell . it 's not really one that you expect to smell in a sunscreen . it almost smells like limes after you rub it in . it rubs in easily and is quite runny for a lotion . it does work as it should with a 30 spf and leaves a cooling feeling for a few minutes . it does not feel greasy either.i have to admit i miss all those coconut scented suntan lotions of my younger years .
= tangy lotion
< tangy , sharp smell

> sure , bruce willis kicking ass is nothing new but add morgan freeman , john malkovich `` not as a villain for once '' and helen mirren kicking ass too and you 're in for a good time . while mary-louise parker is adorable and funny as sarah ross , who finds herself on a blind-date from hell with willis ' character . red may overstay it 's welcome a little bit , but i enjoyed it and i wish any of the 2010 summer releases were this fun .
= better than most of the summer releases
< fun , fun , fun

> i received this book for free and i am soooo glad i read it . to be honest though i could not see adam as gibbs . gibbs is too short for one . you must read master of arms first , it gives the background history of karla and master adams , and the rest of the characters of the books going forward . thank you kali for introducing me and like minded bdsm and how it can actually be fun with a true master . truly enlightening .
= adam and karla
< adam and adam

> one of those 'why did n't someone think of this sooner ' products that makes crafts a lot easier . they 're brightly colored . they cut into any shape and they stick where you need them . made my granddaughter 's craft project for school scads easier and then she went to town decorating her binders and book covers and heaven knows what at school ! they 're a hit and they work . nuff said .
= clever idea
< great for crafts

> this dog food is a little spendy for the quality but it definitely appeals to my dog 's taste . so we have been using it as a little `` appetizer '' mixed in with the rest of her dinner , on the nights when her appetite is sluggish due to the weather . the kibbles are nice and small for little dogs ( she 's about 9 lbs ) .
= use as a treat !
< my dog likes it

> i loved everything about this book . the characters were fantastic . love them as a married couple who end up on the run together . the plot was full of intrigue and suspense . the love scenes sizzled . it had everything you want in a book and the author did an excellent job of pulling everything together . highly recommend !
= saving grace
< great book !

> what a great book . loved how 2 people found each other after all those years and helped each other only o fall in love . they say start off as friends . these 2 were friends from when they were young . fate brought them together . know for the next chapter about her brother
= wow
< loved it

> omg this book is amazing ! i could n't put it down . i read it in two days . h.m. ward 's book 's are all so good . i highly recommend you to read them .
= excellent book !
< wow

> very easy to put on the kindle . great fit with no interference , you do n't even notice that it 's on . no complaints at all , very happy with this product .
= excellent screen protector that you do n't even notice is on
< great fit

> i love me some jack carter . yeah he 's flawed and mess up and makes mistakes , but boy when he loves he loves hard ! ! ready for book 2 !
= jack carter ! ! !
< jack carter

> the characters are just great and loveable . the story keeps you interested in it to the end . i would recommend this book to anyone who loves romance and sex .
= play with me
< great story

> i would totally recommend this book to everyone its awesome.i ca n't wait to start the next book to see if he comes looking for her in the states .
= wow
< loved it

> this screen protector for the kindle fire has some pros and cons : good : no more bubbles . i like bubbles in champagne but not on my kindle . this goes on very smoothly and bubble-free compared to my previous protector . it goes on lickety-split , is clearer than other screen protectors i 've used , and it 's surrounded by a nice black frame . it made my kindle look really good . big improvement , in fact.bad : the rainbow effect at certain angles . i like rainbows ( and bubbles , unicorns and fairies ) but not rainbows on my kindle . ( it 's actually technically not a rainbow -- it 's a moire effect , due to interference from the screen with the pixels of the kindle . ) it 's there , more visible in some lighting , and i did n't really mind it but you may not like rainbows on your kindle.was n't there a scene from `` south park '' about not liking rainbows ? kyle : hey stan . did you see that rainbow this morning ? stan : yeah . it was huge.cartman : eh . i hate those things.kyle : nobody hates rainbows.stan : yeah . what 's there to hate about rainbows ? cartman : well , you know . you 'll just be sitting there , minding your own business , and they 'll come marching in , and crawl up your leg , and start biting the inside of your ! ! censored ! ! ! , and you 'll be all like , `` hey . get out of my ! ! censored ! ! ! you stupid rainbows . `` stan : cartman , what the hell are you talking about ? cartman : i 'm talking about rainbows . i hate those friggin ' things.kyle : rainbows are those little arches of color that show up during a rainstorm.cartman : oh . rainbows . oh yeah , i like those . those are cool .
= do you like rainbows ? you 'll like this kindle protector
< no more bubbles

> review copy : the book begins with telling us taddy 's story of how she become who she is now , and why she 's so guarded . then we get to see warner 's life up until he meets taddy . these two have each lost someone , maybe not in the same way but still they 've both felt heartache.now warren knows tabby is it for him . so he has to try to get her to let her guard down with him . but taddy is n't an easy one to let . she 's been hurt too much before.this book started out interesting , then just sort of fell flat . i got some what bored with it after the first few chapters . but then other times in the book i was very interesting in learning what was going to happen next . i really enjoyed the writing , and the characters . taddy , and warner were awesome together as well . i however , wished we had seen more of them actually together . and the only other thing that bugged me was the fact that some of taddy 's `` kinks '' are n't really explained . you do n't ever really understand why she does some of the things she does , or if it 's just fun for her . then the other thing was when taddy and warner first meet . their conversation just confused me to know end . i got the gist of what the were talking about but other than that i was totally clueless . which probably has less to do with the book , and more to do with me . but i did like the book over all . not sure if i will read the next one in the series , but i kind of am interested to see how warner , and tabby turn out . if you enjoy books about the `` rich and famous '' then i recommend this one .
= wealthy and the beautiful
< i liked it .

> it is more that i ca n't use it . i think if companies are going to send out their products to be reviewed , they should expressly state who their target audience is in their description . i would not have picked this if i had known it was going to be for ethnic hair . my hair is very curly and frizzy at times but not coarse . i did n't even try to use it because i am too afraid to . after reading the reviews here , i am glad that i did n't try to use it . i would hate to go on vacation with greasy hair.it smells delicious and it looks wonderful . it sounds wonderful ... like a scalp massage , but when it is for relaxed or natural hair , i had my doubts . here is the product description that `` sold '' me on trying this out : '' category : hair carenew clear scalp & hair beauty therapyultra shea intensive scalp nourishment balm . nourishes the scalp deeply and seals in moisture for soothing for long-lasting scalp dryness relief . spreads easily for quick absorption . formulated with nutrium 10 moisture lock system , a rich blend of shea butter and natural oils , including vitamin e , sunflower , coconut , almond , soybean , argan , and palm.discover the right foundation for strong , beautiful hair with new clear scalp & hair beauty therapy a range of shampoos and conditioners that feed your scalp and give you stronger , more beautiful hair in just 7 days . `` nowhere does it say who this product was targeted for . it was n't till i received the package when i saw it was for `` relaxed and natural '' hair . after reading others ' reviews , i have to say that i would n't dare try it.it is a lovely product . i just do n't have the hair for it.8/3/12
= it is not that i do n't like it ...
< i do n't use it

> governmental employees in many states and police and firefighters in the city of los angeles are eligible , at the end of their carriers for what is called the drop , an acronym for deferred retirement option program . it is a very valuable program which allows those enrolled in it to receive full pay for a defined number of years while pension contributions in an equal amount are made . in other words if you are making $ 100,000 a year and you have five years in the drop , you double your pay for those five years.harry , always a pain to the top brass , is n't going to get the full five years . he is getting a bit over three years after which he must resign forever from the lapd . when this news in delivered to him is is back in robbery homicide working in the open unsolved unit with a new partner . they are trying to unravel a murder case from the 1980s where new dna technology has produced a hit , but that hit has raised more questions than it answered . in the middle of all this the son of harry 's old nemesis now commissioner irvin irving has done a dive from the balcony of the chteau marmont . the commissioner for some reason wants harry to be the lead investigator.connelly , interweaves two complex plots , while delivering a quiet tribute to harry and others like him who pursue the truth , even when it is uncomfortable or job threatening . bosch 's credo , `` everyone counts or nobody counts '' is actually the definition of equal justice under the law . as to the tribute , this is the seventeen harry bosch book , and while there will be more , connelly is apparently readying him for some kind of retirement , and that is what the drop is all about .
= another amazing michael connelly novel
< the definition of equal justice under the law

> this book had some very good parts . sarah 's story , the story of the vel d'hiv round-up , representative of countless other children taken from paris that day , was tragic and captivating . and because it is the story of a french girl , rather than a german or polish one , it gives us a bit of a different perspective on what was happening . in fact , sarah 's story is so good that i wish it had been the entire book . but instead , we are stuck discovering it through julia.i was n't a big fan of julia . she was fine early on in the book , when we had sarah 's narration to break hers up . but later in the book a lot of things about her rubbed me the wrong way . i felt like her obsession with sarah 's story was very over-the-top , despite the connection to her apartment . her neglect of her pregnancy , in particular , bothered me . i also did n't like that we only got the bad things about her husband . he is almost never displayed in a good light , when there must have been some good there for her to marry him in the first place.i also did n't care for the way the book finished . not because of how sarah 's story ended -- that actually made a lot of sense -- but because of the relationship that julia forms . it just did n't fit for me.overall , this story is worth reading if you want to learn something about france during the war . but do n't be surprised if julia kills it for you .
= a good story ruined
< a good read , but not great

> for some years now i 've suffered with an exceedingly dry scalp , which i normally treat with coconut oil as i have very fine hair . i think that thisclear scalp & hair beauty therapy ultra shea nourishing scalp & hair oil , 3 fluid ounceis perhaps not intended for my hair type , however , as the package indicates that it is for `` relaxed and natural hair . '' there are no directions for use other than `` 1. cleanse 2. smooth 3. soothe 4 . seal . '' sorry to say , i have no idea what is meant by `` sealing '' my hair and normally wash , condition and comb.at any rate , i did give this a quick try . with a first ingredient of mineral oil it is very heavy and hard to wash out . ( i had the dickens of a time and had to resort to dish liquid ! ) i also found the scent almost overpowering . do note that no ingredients are listed on the container or packaging . you 'll have to refer to the product page for that information.your call.update : my teenage granddaughter spent most of the month of august with grandma . her hair is much coarser than mine , naturally curly and definitely stressed - dyed , straightened , blow dried regularly . she absolutely loved this hair oil and the other two products ( conditioners ) she test drove for me and they did a stupendous job on her hair , leaving it soft & manageable while taming the frizzies . highly recommended for damaged hair ! accordingly , i 've upped the stars by one .
= too heavy , overly scented
< i 've upped the stars by one

> i was going to give this book 3 stars because i got a little frustrated in the middle but i really liked jet so much & the ending was great ! jet & ayden are current roommates but have been doing the mating dance for over a year - longing looks & stares , jealousy , hooking up with random people to forget about the one person who matters . once they finally let their guards down , at the insistence of all of their friends , and become more sexually involved , it is clear that there is much more to their relationship than just sexual chemistry , even though that is off the charts hot ! ayden has a past that i never expected and when it comes back to haunt her she feels like she has to let jet go to protect him . minor complaint - the details were too vague which surprised me . again , loved the ending of the book and the bedroom details also seemed to bump up a notch ! jet is not your typical rock star - he is a very special man with a heart of gold and he lays his heart out on the table for ayden . i really loved that he did n't screw with her emotions , that he really worshipped her like she deserved . ca n't wait to read about rome in the next book !
= jet & ayden
< jet & ayden

> i tried taco bell 's chipotle sauce on a traditional salad , scrambled eggs , and a turkey wrap . on the salad , the sauce completely dominated because of its spicy flavor . i was n't able to distinguish clearly the other ingredients of the salad . i like spice , but i prefer salads with a more gentle dressing . i enjoy both creamy and oil/vinegar dressings . the taco bell product is the creamy variety.i tried it on scrambled eggs which gave the eggs an eggs ranchero kick . not bad if you can take the spice that early in the morning . i used a little and it went a long way on flavor ( and spiciness ) . would i use the sauce on eggs again ? maybe.the best results occurred when i used the sauce on a turkey wrap . the wrap contained white meat turkey , iceberg lettuce and tomatoes . since turkey is rather a bland meat , the taco bell dressing put some zing in the sandwich , making it far more enjoyable than a wrap with mayonnaise or mustard.i know many people have sensitive palates when it comes to spice . for those folks , i would suggest steering clear of this product . but for those who enjoy spice , i would heartily recommend it .
= spicy complement to salads , eggs & wraps
< spicy and spicy

> i have actually tried all three new taco bell sauces , the chipotle which i am reviewing now , and also the jalape & ntilde ; o and the spicy ranchero sauces.the chipotle is my second favorite of the three . ( i like the spicy ranchero the best ) . it definitely has a distinct smokey peppery chipotle taste to it , with of course the creamy base . this sauce goes well on taco salads and ( as i used it on ) beef burritos . i suppose you could use it for french fries or tacos as well . i felt that because the sauce had such a bold flavor that probably its uses would be more limited than the spicy ranchero flavor that was much more mild and subdued . but if you like a bold chipotle flavor i think this would really be for you.the bottles are squeeze bottles but i found that they do n't squeeze out easily once you are half way done with the bottle . you have to store upside down in the fridge or be forced to really shake the bottle to get the sauce to be forced down the the top . sauces are thicker than traditional salad dressings .
= 2nd favorite of the new taco bell sauces
< a bold chipotle flavor

> i 'm not a brainy-iac , so i do n't know whether the wrong latin word was used or whether historical facts were misrepresented . all i know was this was one hard pill to swallow . first of all , for the first third of the book i did n't understand why the hero in this story was contacted in the first place . and i simply did n't believe the whole premise of anti-matter . it made no sense of how it was created or stored . i could n't get past that . how do you do that ... and how do you store it ? okay , let 's get to the mach 15 plane . why does this man have this ? plus , the hero failed to save any of the cardinals . indiana jones -- this man is not . for a smart man he does n't a lot of dumb things . plus , these people can run across towns in matter of seconds..maybe a minute . but the subject matter is different ... which is the whole trick to mr. brown 's popularity . and for that my hat goes off to him for that .
= just okay
< not what i expected

> this is a nice antiperspirant from dove and will lead to smoother underarm skin . it will not leave stains on your shirts . it lasts for me even when intensely exercising ( i do rock climbing ) for up to a day.however , like all antiperspirants , it is made of aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly , which is supposed to reduce wetness but also blocks your sweat glands , which causes acne , itchiness , allergies , rash , etc . in some people.your skin absorbs a lot of the compound which is why it works effectively as an antiperspirant . sadly , this might lead to health complication later in life , especially if you have kidney problems ( those with kidney problems are unable to effectively rid themselves of the excess in aluminum toxicity ) . this may lead to nerve damage , kidney damage and osteomalacia -- vitamin d and calcium deficiency -- and has been linked to increased instances of alzheimer 's and breast cancer .
= good sweat protection but contains aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly
< nice antiperspirant

> i have sensitive skin , and always hesitate to use sunscreen products , since i hate it when i break out in hives . so , when i received this , i spread a small amount on the back of one hand to test it before i slathered it all over my body.first of all , it was virtually odorless , something wonderful when it comes to a sunscreen.second , it rubbed in nicely and melted into my skin with little trouble.finally , after several hours , i experienced no problems with allergies.i then tried it on my face ( the true test of sensitivity ) , including some dry patches on my cheeks and was pleasantly surprised by the fact that it was not only gentle , but it was moisturizing as well.the packaging says that it is waterproof for up to 40 minutes in the water.i am enjoying this sample enough that when it is gone , i will be replacing it with this same brand . nice .
= worked on my sensitive skin
< great for sensitive skin

> i drink about two cups of coffee a day and love flavored coffee . i was excited to get this free to try and i love starbucks . this coffee fell short for me . i made numerous cups trying to perfect the flavor and could never get it to appeal to me . the cofee is very robust . had i followed the directions of two tablespoons per cup i might have had a heart attack ! i used less than that and it was way too strong ( bitter to me ) , and yet the vanilla flavor was barely evident . i tried reducing it more and it was still bitter with no vanilla flavor . the scent is mild . i will just stick with my dunkin donuts brand and add vanilla creamer . if you like very robust coffee ( knock your socks off robust ) with only a hint of flavor you will probably like this , it just was n't for me .
= not as good as i hoped
< not for me

> i like the fact that although there is the suggested amount for 6 to 8 oz of water , you can add as much as you want . it can be as weak or strong as you want . i like it a bit stronger , so i added an extra teaspoon or two and added it warm milk instead of water and it worked well . the flavor of peppermint is not very strong . i think it is just right , not over powering . it definitely ideal for the christmas , especially since i live in upstate new york and at christmas , we will most likely have snow on the ground and it will be cold . it will be nice to have something nice to drink , since i am not a big coffee drinker , i am the type of person that likes something a bit more fancy .
= relaxing , tasty , and definately for christmas
< nice flavor , but not over powering

> i 'm not usually a big fan of mystery novels , but a friend suggested this book to me and i 'm so glad he did . `` the girl with the dragon tattoo '' has it all : intrigue , deception , crime , family secrets , and suspense . the characters of mikael blomkvist and lisbeth salander are extremely dynamic , and i can not wait to continue along with their journey in the other two books in this trilogy . i do admit that the first 100 pages or so of this book were a bit slow going , as were the last 70 pages . however , the rest of the book is so fast-paced and energized that it more than makes up for the couple of slow spots . definitely add this book to your summer reading list !
= fan-freaking-tastic !
< a great mystery !

> be sure to grab one of these to be prepared for upcoming christmas wrapping . what a handy little gizmo when you 're up to your eyeballs wrapping all those gifts . it can be worn either on your wrist or across your fingers , and the elastic band is wide enough so that you do n't think the thing will snap in two . it 's a good quality elastic too and does n't irritate your skin . the refills are a little pricey for this guy but sometimes , well , life comes at you way too fast and these conveniences are worth the extra change . grab one for a gift too - they 're really that good . highly recommend !
= love this ! saves a lot of time .
< great for christmas wrapping !

> wow aubrey parents are very judge mental , especially her dad for a judge he should have been open minded . may i just add that i applaud zach for respond he give the judge at the house , he did n't stoop to they level . i love zach and aubrey love , she is a perfect match for him , do n't nobody get riff/zach like aubrey does . hmmm but can we please get a book for gabe , i know he 's not part of the band but he acted like a rockstar and i love his character . and thank you for the bonus chapter , it was beautiful .
= short and sweet
< beautiful

> when i first read this in the late 60 's it was relatively newin america . i was astonished that the moralist christianwho wrote such bad ( luddist ) sci fi wrote such excellent fantasyfor children . the symbolism of aslan giving his life for the sin of edmundis seen by many as the christian aspect.there is also a 'divine right of kings ' symbolism built into the plot ? it is a fairytale with talking animalsand mythical beasts about good brave little girls who tell the truthand their wrong headed brothers.i think we should all be reminded what noble ideal are and how to behave well in unexpected situations.i still love this book !
= new movies about this book and the narnia series
< a fairytale with a fairytale

> i 've read books that had disclaimers about sensitivity to domination , rape , torture , & such , but they never , ever touched as dark as this story goes . this story is rich in essence . the master , slave relationship ... the horrors revealed do not make the story ... the sex does not make the story ... it 's the entirety of all the relationships . so with all that said this book is probably not for everyone , but for those that can read past the horrors it is an incredible journey that i will read more than once . read at your own strength or caution .
= oh my effing god !
< incredible journey

> spike and ciara ... omg ... hot hot hot chemistry even though they spend most of the time fighting over whether or not they could/should/would be more than friends ! i loved spike in the first book ... he turned out to not be such a bad guy as we first thought and his hard fought love story with ciara ( his late wife 's sister ) is very satisfying ! love all of this series so much and now that i have finished all 3 ... i will have to wait patiently for what gem bella jewel has for us next ! ***5*** smoking hot badass biker stars = )
= second chance at love ... = )
< spike and ciara ...

> i could n't wait to try these chips ahoy cookies . i mean , how do you make chocolate chip cookies better -- by putting more chocolate inside ( yes , i 'm a chocoholic ) . the chocolate has a strange taste to it . i definitely prefer the plain , soft batch chocolate chip cookies by chips ahoy . however , they were n't so bad that i did n't finish the entire package ! ! ! ! !
= cookie good -- chocolate not so much
< chocolate chip cookies

> while i absolutely hated the first g. i. joe , i definitely think this is an improvement . however , i 'm still not sold on it . it just seemed to lack the punch . did n't find the characters very interesting at all . while i did buy it , intending to watch it again , it ' not something i can give a 5 star rating to . sorry .
= g. i. joe : retaliation
< not sold on it

> i freaking love this series ! when i read the first book in this series i was like man this is so different from other books i have read but in the end they were together and now in this book it was the same for danny and ripper . i hope the next book is just as good !
= ripper ! ! !
< love this series !

> i gave this razor to my wife after i received it through amazon vine program . she used this on her legs with disastrous results . the shave came with nicks or cuts ; the blades were not sharp to give a close shave . the handle was not firm and difficult to navigate .
= the blades are dull
< wife says it is not sharp

> preston was a jerk and amanda was so naive , but in the end they found their true selves . i enjoyed watching their story grow along with the torment they kept providing to each other . lots of other characters and it was good to see other characters from other books as well .
= could not get enough of preston & amanda
< preston

> i laughed so hard i cried , i cried so much i needed a kleenex , i smiled throughout this book and anticipated a happy ending that made my heart happy- i got exactly that ! faith and love got them to the end-all while braving through things afraid .
= beautiful ! wonderful story ! !
< i

> i hope there is another book this one is awesome . i could not put it down that was impossible . it a wonderful book about casual sex buddies becoming lovers in every sense of the word .
= beautiful series
< wow

> i love this book too ! the charters and story line was oh my god great ! sexy has hell , if this could really happen in real life for someone who just county down to earth .
= sexy !
< omg

> i love this series . this book is well written . these characters are some of the best out there . i ca n't wait to read the next one to come out .
= love this series
< love this series

> i read this series quite awhile ago , and did n't review it , so i reread it and i loved it again . nice love story between dominic and abbey .
= loved it
< loved it

> such an intense amazing overwhelming erotic passionate sweet story . geez , i ca n't even think straight after reading such a well written book
= holy freaking blow.y mind into tiny little pieces wow
< wow

> installation was fine , and it seems to protect the screen well . time will tell how it holds up though . generally recommended .
= installs fine , seems to protect well
< works well

> in 2004 i read the kite runner . i loved that book . set it afghanistan and then later in the united states , we met a young boy who goes through a life-changing incident at a kite-running competition and later uncovers some surprising family secrets . it was an immediate best seller and i certainly understand why . `` a thousand splendid suns '' is this author 's second novel . it tries hard to repeat the freshness and excitement of the first book . sadly , it misses the mark.this book tells the stories of two women in afghanistan . it also tries to give the reader some historical context . there does n't seem to be any joy in these women 's lives . mostly there is unhappiness and helplessness at the hands of men . i found myself feeling sorry for both of them and also for the whole country that has been plunged into despair since the taliban . but make no mistake ; life for women was pretty bad even before then . and the author seems to exploit all this for a western audience.life is harsh for everybody in this book . but it is particular hard for the women who are married to brutal men . women are prisoners and can not escape their harsh husbands or the culture . there did n't seem to be any moment of pleasure that was n't immediately snatched away.i expect this book will be a best seller . there certainly is a lot of publicity about it . it 's too predictable though and i just could n't wait for it to end . sorry , but i can only give it a lukewarm recommendation . read `` the kite runner '' instead .
= tries hard , but lacks the freshness and excitement of the kite runner
< misses the mark.this competition

> being a huge fan of the original ` men in black ' , i was largely disappointed with ` men in black 2 ' and somewhat turned off to the idea of ` men in black 3 ' . still , it was on and i was home and bored and decided to give it a go . sadly , they just can not recapture the magic of the original film , despite getting some new blood and upping the action and effects . thankfully , most of the silly jokes are gone , which made for a less ` eye rolling ' experience than when watching ` men in black 2 ' . still , the plot is spotty and the tacked on heartwarming ending was unnecessary . will smith oozes charisma though , even when he is obviously phoning in a performance , so he 's a joy to watch , and josh brolin absolutely nails his portrayal of tommy lee jones . like , it was somewhat uncanny and i found myself completely baffled as to how i never realized he was such a great actor . leave it to this preposterous movie . michael stuhlbarg 's character is ridiculous , and he looks like jason biggs straight out of ` loser ' , and jemaine clement is more ` gross ' than ` scary ' . i guess that is the whole idea here , to be gross and funny as opposed to engaging and thrilling . it could have been funnier , it could have been tenser , it could have been better , but at least it was n't as dreadful as the second one .
= a semi-bounce back ...
< not bad , but not great

> cage was such a supportive sweet friend to lizzy & super protective of her . the way the book begins is a little disturbing - definitely a different side of greg cage when he uses & verbally abuses his current fling mandy . later we find out that mandy is super crazy but still , i was taken aback by cage 's rough treatment of mandy . i did n't picture cage as a man who just uses women for sex . cage meets melissa when he takes lizzy 's son to the doctor & finds the most beautiful nurse he 's ever seen . their sexual attraction is off the charts but that is exactly what melissa does n't need . she is living week to week , sending all of her money to her mother & nephew after her sister 's death . cage & melissa have a connection from the past that ties both of their sister 's deaths together & he will lose melissa in the end . i actually chose to give the book 4 stars based on how melissa handles herself and her love for cage after she is terrorized by mandy & finds out secrets from their past . the book does n't have a whole lot of drama until the end when tragedy strikes but there is definitely a hea for these two ! their chemistry is super hot but both cage & melissa had their irritating moments .
= cage & melissa
< cage & melissa

> shockingly , my dog seems to preferpurina beneful original dog food , 15.5-pound . yes , if i put a bowl of beneful next to a bowl of chef michael 's , she gobbles up the beneful . i guess she ca n't understand the hype behind the chef name.if it were n't for this basic problem , i would automatically assume that chef michael 's would win paws down . and if chef michael 's is the only thing around she will eat it ... reluctantly ... after it sits there for most of the day.i was really disappointed that this was the case , as i wanted to give my sweet dog something `` better '' to eat . she tends to shed if she eats poorly . but i ca n't get her to eat chef michael 's consistently enough to tell . oh well . whatcha gon na do.the chef michael 's team missed the mark on taste for my little pupster . your dog may like it more . i can only respond about my experience with it.i 'll have to mix it in with the beneful to get rid of the bag ( or just throw the half full chef michael 's bag out , which rankles me a bit ) . and since its sirloin perhaps it would make a good pizza topping . but my family has these `` standards '' . oh well .
= seems good to a human , not so much to a dog
< my dog seems to like it

> i got my first taste of sean ferro & avery in & # 34 ; damaged & # 34 ; . then another taste of sean in & # 34 ; stripped & # 34 ; . not sure what took me so long to get started with & # 34 ; the arrangement & # 34 ; series because sean is very interesting to say the least . i am not sure if i will review each part as it 's they are only approx . 100 pages each so i might do every 2 . i wo n't lie and say it 's not a pricy series at $ 2.99 an installment but i have no doubt that author h.m. ward will make it worth my money.avery seems to have a shit life . nothing ever goes right for her , except for being in the right place at the right time to cross paths with sean . when she is offered a job that could change things around he ca n't morally accept but the more things start to fall apart the more she realizes she has no choice . avery is kind of funny & she has a surprise . no hot sex in this installment but you wo n't be able to put it down that 's for sure & you will be sucked in to the series .
= amazing series ! !
< sean ferro & avery

> peter granz is funny , hot sexy teacher , and charming as hell . i really like him and those two have such a strong connection from the very first time they met . student/teacher relationship sometimes good and sometimes bad , but this one is beautiful to read . millie is funny as hell ha ha girl crush who ask that ? lol only millie would smh , dusty is jerk i was rolling on the floor when sidney called his mom in the cafeteria . i feel for peter and sidney two lost soul attracted to each other like magnet , sidney family are some dumb people who believe they friends against their own flesh n bone huh i really did n't get sam at all i wanted to punch him to knock some sense into him. & # 34 ; i 'll never be ready. & # 34 ; sidney & # 34 ; then , i 'll always be waiting. & # 34 ; peteryou see why i said peter is perfect , ca n't help but fall in love with him .
= the title is perfect for this book
< funny , hot , and charming

> these are good ! they are more like crackers than cookies . they taste kind of like a cross between fig newtons and graham crackers . three `` cookies '' have 140 calories with 5g of fat ( 1g sat , 2.5g poly , 1g mono ) , 2g of fiber , and 2g of protein . as of the writing of this review , they are not fulfilled by amazon , and they come to at least $ 35 ( incl s & h ; ) for 4 packages . that is a little pricey . if i was to rate this with the price , i 'd give them 2 stars because they are good , but they are n't that good . $ 35 for 4 bags of cookies is way too much . but for taste and texture , i give them a solid 4 stars.i hope they 1 ) go down in price and 2 ) become subscribe & save items because i really liked these . and the blueberry ones are even better !
= newtons fruit thins - fig
< good , but not great

> this may be a tale of grey skies , windswept castles that have seen better days , undeserved tragedy , and frequent violence , but those darker qualities are balanced by a lightning quick pace , likable traits in many of the characters ( though precious few characters are all good or all bad ) , and even some humor . i started this series to kill time while waiting for the next `` wheel of time '' book by robert jordan , and was surprised by not only its quality , but its complete lack of `` slow '' parts ( a facet of jordan 's writing one has to get used to ) . also , though there 's not a lot of `` fantasy '' per se in this first volume , wait 'til you see the final scene ! on those last couple of pages , martin certainly delivers a memorable scene of drama and enchantment to whet your appetite for volume two . which i 'm just about to start .
= i knew i would like this , but did n't guess how much
< a memorable tale of drama and drama

> optimum nutrition 's 'essential amino energy ' provides the right mix of ingredients needed to fuel your workout along with post-workout recovery . first off , let me start by saying that 'flavor ' is n't typically a selling point of this type of powder but the fruit fusion product actually has a decent , kool-aid type flavor that it not at all unpleasant . in it 's low-sugar form each scoop contributes 10 calories with absolutely none of that nasty artificial sweetener aftertaste . one thing to keep in mind is that this powder is extremely fine so i 'd avoid scooping and transporting to your mixing vessel in any area with a breeze . for an optimum workout boost follow the instructions to a 't ' and chug the concoction a minimum of 15 minutes prior to your activity . i 've consumed this powder prior to 12 mile+ hikes and was very pleased with the added boost it provided .
= decent taste with the right mix of ingredients for a proper workout
< nutrition 's energy

> clearly in reading the reivews , there are many that recommend reading the book rather than watching the movie . this to me seems similar to the harry potter books and movies . there is no way that the films can be as good as the books , but the movies were still great . as an outsider watching this movie , i found it very enjoyable to watch . i was never bored and thought there were some interesting action sequences . the biggest thing that i found distracting from the movie was the white powder makeup that many of the cast seemed to have on . i can understand not spending a lot of time in the sun , but the makeup distracted and seemed uneven at times . other than that , i thought the movie was a strong 3 star movie .
= wife read book ... movie was fun
< enjoyable

> ok this is not only one of the scariest movies ever made , it 's also one of the best ! as much as i love the spider walk segment , i prefer the original theatrical version of the movie way more than this version . this movie is scary as hell and needs no embellishments ! please release the original version re-mastered on dvd ! if you have n't seen this film and call yourself a horror film fan , you have n't seen one of the few truly scary films in the history of film making . try this one late night by yourself with the lights out with no one in the house ! if the hair on the back of your neck is n't standing i do n't know what will get a raise out of you !
= please remaster the theatrical version scariest movie ever !
< one of the best movies ever made !

> wow ! i really got into this story . the writing , the characters , the whole taboo ness of it . teacher/student relationships of such a significant years difference and in high school is not something i like to necessarily read about but this was uniquely told imo . maise was beyond her years but still young in her own right . evan was older but not necessarily wiser in his own right . they both experienced painful and lack luster childhoods that allowed them to be relatable on so many levels . it was definitely an interesting read . not sure if there 's a sequel ( by the way it ended ) but would sure read it if there is .
= an amazing story !
< wow !

> my littlest pup is the ultimate in picky . she likes a food for one day and hates it the next . for a while we were hand making her food with boiled veggies and meat and feeding her bite by bite on a spoon . really ! that 's the only way she would eat anything.fortunately we found this chef michael food . for some reason she loves it . some days she 'll eat it right off the plate ! other days i have to go back to hand feeding her , but she still eats it without her usual protest of turning her head and hiding under the furniture . she likes it , she really likes it !
= picky puppy gives this rave reviews
< my pup loves it !

> feels good in my hand , shaves closely , without nicks . i do n't find the noise from the switch for the bikini area to be too loud . what with the water running in the shower my husband did n't even notice the buzz from the razor . it 's quieter than his . it does what it says it will , and a pleasant surprise has been that the wall-mount holder has stayed on the shower wall now for several weeks without falling once . none of the others i 've tried have stayed up long before , and this is a bit heavier razor than most . thumbs up ! recommend it .
= it 's great !
< good product

> there is one word to describe this movie.awesome ( or breathtaking ) . i have never seen kurt russell play a better role.wilford brimley adds to the quality of this film . the real show stopper is the monster that has invaded the base that they are on.this monster has the ability to transform into any living creature . all of the transformations done by the monster in this film are something to behold.this movie is scary as well as being very exciting . this movie will definitely hold yourattention . buy this movie and watch it . you will never forget it.it is definitely a classic .
= outstanding movie !
< kurt russell play

> after enjoying the first book in the series and its film adaptation i looked forward to reading 'catching fire ' . sadly , i was quite disappointed . the book turned out to be very similar to the first book , too similar ( no spoilers ) . there was less suspense , less drama and surprise . fans might enjoy getting lost in the strange world suzanne collins developed but i found it generally boring . i will not be reading any more hunger games novels.bottom line : an almost shameless derivative of the first hunger games book . not recommended .
= very meh ...
< not as good as the first

> i have used various shave gels and creams over the years . i 'd never tried one quite like this , and i wo n't be coming back to it anytime soon.the shave gel works decently enough . it does n't really lather . it provides decent lubrication . i got a decent shave.however , the odor of the product was overwhelming and unpleasant . it smells like an industrial disinfectant , not exactly the sort of thing you want to have greeting you in the morning.i 'd recommend avoiding this one until they reformulate the scent .
= works decently but smells like disinfectant
< works well

> i would honestly give this negative five stars if i could . it had the promise of a great story line , but i do n't feel that it did anywhere near where it could have . neither did the rest of the audience in the theatre . half of them had left before the first half of the movie was done . it was crappy ( sorry jim - i do normally love you ) . maybe i 'm not artsey fartsey enough but i just did n't get this .
= stupid
< not what i could

> i am a mixed woman and have very coarse curly hair with frizz that is out of control without oils . this oil had no instructions so i applied it as my other oil products are applied . this left my hair oily and heavy with a thick perfume-y smell that lingered way too long . this company would do well to include real instructions and kill that fragrance as i ca n't imagine anyone would want to smell like that .
= not what it claims to be .
< not for me

> the long chain omega 3 fatty acids come from marine sources . the have 20 and 22 carbons versus the 18 carbons in plant source omega 3 fatty acids . the longer chain marine sources are associated with more protective benefits.there is no doubt that these are the most high quality omega 3 pills . unlike most brands , there are n't objectionable secondary products added.price seems steep , that 's my only reservation to buying loads of this product .
= long chain omega 3 fatty acids
< long chain omega 3 pills

> in this day and age of portion-controlled snacks ( like 100 calorie packs ) , this is a great idea , but one fresh pack is basically two servings , so i still ended up putting the open pack in a zipper bag . so next time i 'll just buy a regular package and portion it out myself . the crackers were excellent though , light and crispy , perfectly tasty !
= great cracker , okay packaging
< tasty , tasty , and tasty !

> to best test these batteries i put some in each of the fast draining toys my kids own , these lasted longer than my previous batteries that were non-rechargeable . i like that the design is light because i like to write the date on the batteries so i can cycle out the older ones and judge how long they are able to be charged and still work well in electronics .
= strong charge , long lasting .
< great for kids

> i ave decided to move to coyote ridge , texas and find me a walker brother ! ! i loved zane when we were introduced to him in kaleb , and loved him even more in his story . zane and v were a great pairing ! what a man that knows what he wants and goes after her , even when she is skiddish . so ready for travis !
= oh yeah ! !
< another great one !

> it 's not quite three and not quite at four stars either.finished this book last night . it was sexy , romantic and heartbreaking all at once.although it was all those these things , it was missing a little `` oomph '' to get it to 4 stars . but you will love reid and can relate to lucie.great read !
= 3.5 stars !
< sexy , romantic and heartbreaking

> this story is a good romantic read , but i do n't see anything spectacular about it . it was even downright silly towards the end with all the physical fights between the characters ! ! ! grow up already . too juvenile for me at some point . the writing was okay though , and very humorous .
= good but not spectacular
< good romantic read

> i loved this book . the story and the characters , the twists and turns , it was just a good read . highly recommend and it 's ok for us gals to see matthew m. as the lead character , just for added fun value : )
= a great read not to be missed ... fun too
< great story

> we primarily use huggies diapers and have found this `` model '' to work great . we have yet to have a leakage problem and these seem to be well made . the current price at about 31 cents per is not bad .
= great diapers
< great diapers

> good book finding out things about people is really funny . in here hope has a lot of demons to overcome but then so does her boyfriend and finds out things neither one knew about there childhood
= great book
< good

> this movie is awesome , disney made another hit movie , disney doese not make bad movies . i love this movie , love the characters , espicaly crush . this movie rules
= fish are friends not food
< love it

> i laughed , swooned , spit water out of my mouth and even had a moment of sorrow . no one does funny romance like alice.i loved everything about this book .
= alice clayton , will you marry me ?
< loved it

> this was a wildly romantic novel . i could n't stop living through avery eyes . such troubled but strong girl . but the story is wonderful . five stars .
= cam
< wildly romantic

> this book was as amazing as the first . i enjoyed reading this story and the characters in the book . thanks for writing an excellent book .
= awesome book
< amazing

> highly amusing and deliciously addictive perfect follow-up . play is one of those books that gets under your skin and you think about it days and weeks after you read it.i am completely and crazy in love with this book.the second book in the stage dive series follows the story of malcom mal ericson - the drummer of the stage dive and anne rollins - a girl who has a crush on him since she was a teenager.play delivers an amazingly enthralling , sexy and funny journey that had me glued to each page and characters that i could not escape but fall in love with.malcolm is charming , wild , witty , confident , energetic , funny , hilarlicious and so so hot and swoon worthy and at the same time he has other of himself that is hid from others that is damaged and vulnerable . he has a way with words . boy does he has a way with them . they are at the same time funny and hot and cheeky and naughty.anne is truly a sweetheart and a strong female lead . she got to see the other side of mal , the side that is closed inside of him , side that is vulnerable . as they started to spend more and more time together they were getting attached to each other more and more.they are perfectly compatible.kylie wrote an outstanding follow-up full with heart that had me smiling and laughing like crazy . she wrote it so beautifully and rich and engaging in such exceptional way that is both sensual and raw.play is destined to steal readers hearts and stay with them forever and leave them begging for more.can not wait for jimmy 's story. & # 8807 ; & # 9684 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9684 ; & # 8806 ; 5 & # 10032 ; read & # 8807 ; & # 9673 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9673 ; & # 8806 ;
= highly amusing and deliciously addictive perfect follow-up
< a mal ericson - jimmy

> my gosh , can peter jackson make a movie . the creator of the epic , magnificentlord of the rings trilogy , easily the most ambitious endeavor in cinematic history , jackson knows something about letting visuals tell a story . and in this respect his remake of king kong does n't disappoint ; this is a feast for the eyes -- an enticing visual thriller packed with enough special effects/cgi to keep you in your seat ( for almost four hours , which is saying something ) .no need to rehash the plot ; what i will say is watching kong unleashed in manhattan , circa 1933 , is fabulous and wondrous viewing . jackson spares nothing , from the gaudy neon lights , to the hot dog wagons . and the climactic scene , atop the empire state building ? i suffer from acute acrophobia , so for me this scene was both excruciating , and spellbinding , to watch ( which means jackson made it all look so very real ) . once this scene concluded i literally felt physically drained.so why the four stars ? well , the film takes much too long to get going , and it does n't really start to move until skull island . i love jack black , but here he is hopelessly miscast as an ethically-challenged filmmaker/promoter . and adrien brody looks more like napolean dynamite than a leading man , but that 's just me . i will say naomi watts looks right at home resting in kong 's paw , yet the `` love story '' in this respect definitely tweaked the `` ick '' factor . but to heck with all that . peter jackson 's got the chops to make a great cinematic product , and king kong squarely fits the bill. -- d . mikels , author , the reckoning
= a visual smorgasboard
< the king of the king

> while this product calls itself `` ultra shea '' and also notes `` with shea butter '' on the front label , shea is actually the 7th ingredient , after mineral oil ( # 1 ) , hydrogenated coconut oil ( hence the suntan lotion smell ) , hydrogenated styrene/butadiene copolymer , elaeis guineensis ( palm ) oil , and bht ( preservative ) . so if you 're expecting some yummy natural product from the `` ultra shea '' reference , you 'll be disappointed . in this case `` ultra '' either means `` a little bit '' or `` mostly petrochemical products but also . `` ( notably , the ingredients are n't immediately visible on the bottle -- you have to remove the peel-off label to expose them . ) but i 'm not opposed to synthetic beauty products , so aside from the misleading packaging , i gave it a whirl . it 's a pretty standard hair oil : greasy and thick , which is good for heavy damage or use on ends . i 'd probably avoid using it on my scalp except as a deep treatment to be shampooed out , because the oil is quite heavy.but the scent is a deal-breaker for me . it 's a *heavy* coconut smell that does n't readily dissipate and leaves you smelling like you should be on a carnival cruise ship . ( i love a light coconut scent , especially tempered with citrus or mint ; but this smells like you 're all buttered up in a deck chair swilling a pina colada . ) i do like the bottle , which has an elmer 's glue type lid that lets you dispense a few drops at a time , and seems to be pretty leak-resistant .
= smells like suntan lotion , low on shea
< a little bit of a coconut smell

> i got excited when i first read about this book . the idea of a writer like crichton taking a stab at time travel sounded promising . and it began well , too . by the end of chapter one i felt confident i was in for a thinking person 's trek into the science-meets-sci-fi -- meets-history universe that was going to deliver an intelligent sort of thriller.nope . this book was a letdown of hard-hitting proportions . what started out as a scientific overview of how science might conquer time as easily as it has made headways into space , de-evolved into an adventure novel , and a poor one at that . crichton threw in everything but the kitchen sink and he irretrievably lost me somewhere about the middle point of this sloppy book . who was doing what , when where and why ? i had no idea . i read on hoping i 'd gain a fingerhold and make sense of the sword fights and rescue missions that had somewhere along the way replaced my study in cultural differences between two widely-separated centuries . gone was the believable and interesting beginning with its secret labs and discussions of clothing , behavior and attitudes of the 14th century . i was disappointed.i did finish this novel but i felt robbed of the book i thought i was getting . it was mr. crichton 's work , he was entitled to take it in whatever direction he saw fit , but as the reader , i have to say here , i think he made a mistake of mighty scope in changing plotline in mid-book .
= magnificent concept squandered
< a letdown

> it 's no surprise that the editors of `` entertainment weekly '' would choose both `` terminator 2 : judgment day '' and `` aliens '' as two of its 25 best action films of all time . both are sequels that significantly up the special effects ante , along with the body count , and both feature two of the movies most dynamic kick- [ ... ] heroines , sarah conner ( linda hamilton '' in the former and ellen ripley ( sigourney weaver ) in the latter.besides doubling the action of the first , `` terminator 2 : judgment day '' also doubles the cyborg quotient by returning arnold schwarzenegger in the role that he was born to play ( this time as a `` good '' cyborg ) and bringing in a more than equal combatant/foe in the from of the robert patrick as an `` upgraded '' model . the movie adds an element of surprise in the form of the much smaller ( and less developed ) patrick as a superior model to arnold 's character , able to best the strongman in many a scene.the movie also brings back earl boen in an expanded role as the befuddled `` dr . silberman . '' he brings needed comic relief in a film that is short on words but long on action sequences.james cameron may have felt on `` top of the world '' a decade later with his oscar-winning `` titanic '' but it is for the first two `` terminator '' films that he probably made his greatest cinematic impact .
= owes just as much to `` aliens '' as it does its predecessor
< the best action movie of all time

> ` the matrix ' released in '99 is in my opinion one of the most original , entertaining and thought-provoking films in the last 20 years and an undisputed classic in the sci-fi , martial arts , action/adventure genres.i probably should also add the genre of religious films to the list . initially you 'll most likely be overwhelmed by the technological aspects of the film and focus on the computer lingo . however eventually you 'll see that it also has a strong spiritual side and realize that is steeped in eastern mystical philosophy . 'the matrix ' embraces the concept that the world as we experience it is only illusion ( maya ) and to be truly free one must strive to break through the bonds that hold us ( the matrix ) to the transitory nature of our experience and see things as they really are . what a concept ! as is the case with most financially success films , ` the matrix ' would spawn two sequels . though the next two installments of the `` neo mythos '' would surpass the original in special effects , neither would come anywhere close to matching the sheer originality , inventiveness , spiritual context and audience interest of the first.the digital shaman has arrived and the revolution is about to begin . the world as we know it is an illusion , take the red pill and wake-up ! a must add to your personal dvd library . one of the essentials .
= `` he is the one ''
< the matrix

> if you do too , wait until closer to fall 2013 for the second one to be published as this is a good book with a mighty cliffhanger . i can see the draw for a cliffhanger , but i will have so many books under my belt by fall 2013 , i will need to reread at least the ending of this one to remember who is who and what is going on.with that gripe out of the way , i thoroughly enjoyed this story . the author takes you through many , many ups and downs with dahlia . she has lived through numerous tragedies and is a survivor . i like the way dahl and river meet the first time and it is even better when they reconnect.river wilde is a musician and a total sweetheart . i could n't begin to imagine a guy so overwhelmed with a girl as he is with dahl . although the story gets kind of slow in the middle , you realize there is a lot to get through to explain all of the phases for dahl towards river . you can see trouble starting to brew , but it turns out not to be what i expected , in this book at least.ugh , this would be the perfect book if it were n't for that dreaded cliffhanger and i realize there is another one as this one is connections # 1 , but the drop off is staggering .
= i hate a cliffhanger !
< a must read !

> i often wonder how much time is invested in making dog food look like something we feel better about giving to our pets . this food looks nice , different colors , 'meaty ' looking moist chunks and my dog loves eating it.it 's over $ 2 a pound so it should be great right ? but , after reading up on the food at dog food advisor dot com i would never get this food again . it can be deceiving that beef is the first ingredient . but as it is explained in the review at dog food advisor , that is the weight of the beef before drying and processing - which contains a lot of water . so after processing , it is probably a much lower percentage of ingredient . then there were other questionable ingredients including animal fat - the origin can be from a number of gross places , and a high corn meal content.so , i think much of the high price comes from the processing to make it look better to us and therefore make us feel better giving it to our dogs.i think i 'm going back to my 4/5 star kirkland dog food .
= looks nice , my dog likes it , not great nutrition though
< my dog loves it !

> bosch is back.four years from the end of his career in in lapd harry bosch is working cold cases . he arranges to be assigned one that got away-the murder of a danish photojournalist during the 1992 riots . it is a case that harry began under the cover of national guardsmen before being called to the scene of yet another riot related killing . it is a case so cold , so devoid of physical evidence that there is little hope that even harry can get it closed.looking for anything to help solve the murder , harry painstakingly reviews the murder book and begins to see tiny cracks and those openings lead bosch onwards.his trail takes him to a war zone , and then forwards . along the way bosch to run afoul of his new lieutenant and use up every favor he was ever owed.only michael connelly writes like this ... brilliantly plotted , each page commands your interest . connelly is clearly america 's best living mystery writer . once you open the black box , you wo n't be able to put it down
= only michael connelly writes like this ...
< bosch is back

> i first saw this blockbuster film the first week it came out and i expected the theater to be partially filled . what a surprise to me when it was practically filled to the brim . i wo n't go too much into the plot of a white family who rescues a black youth from poverty and crime except to say that if there are any negative reviews on this film , which are few , they reflect the cynicism of the reviewer rather than the film itself which is based on a true story . michael oher of course could 've been saved by anyone but in this case it was a white christian family who took him in which goes to show you that human heart knows no boundaries , racial or otherwise . heartily recommended to all those who still believe there is some good in the world despite all the insanity has been going on in the news . and by the way , this may be sandy 's turn to cop the oscar -- you never know ! !
= sandra bullock 's best film grabs you by the heart
< a great film

> wallbanger is not the erotic , filthy novel it appears to be ! the premise is that caroline moves into a new apartment , sharing a common wall with a man with a harem of women coming & going . simon is the neighbor whose signature move is slamming women so hard that the headboard bangs into caroline 's wall , thus the nickname caroline gives simon - wallbanger . when caroline confronts simon about his exploits & her lack of sleep it begins a friendship that turns into something more . caroline 's last sexual conquest was so awful she has n't been able to recover . wallbanger is actually very funny - the author narrates the characters & what they are thinking . simon & caroline also have really cute text message conversations . and even caroline 's crazy cat has his own story ( he likes to pee on simon 's clothes when he gets jealous for attention ! ) . seriously a fun read & a romantic love story !
= who know erotica could be funny ? ?
< a fun read & a romantic love story

> i won an advance copy of this book some time back and put off reading it . `` language of flowers '' ? it sounded like sometacky , romance novel . when i finally decided to give it a try , i found that i had made a big mistake . this was a stunning novel that is about a child brought up in foster care who is desperately trying to learn how to bond with another person- a skill she is sorrowfully ignorant . one foster home taught her the victorian language of flowers . it is with this valuable tool that she makes a life for herself after she ages out of the system . it is such a layered book with such raw moments of emotion that sometimes i ached as i read it . the encyclopedia of flower language in the back of the book , was quite interesting . i , heartily , recommend this book.r
= stunning debut
< stunning novel

> i loved real . mine was just good but it just did n't grab ahold of me like the real did . i could not put real down . no so with mine . there were times i had to force myself to keep reading , i was a bit disappointed . it seemed very repetitive and not enough story depth . at times i was reading as fast as i could to get through the descriptives and on to the plot . brooke was driving me nuts at times . remy was remy so that made up for brooke . the last part of the book saved it from being a 3 star and the ending was hea so that always helps . the first book will remain at the top of the series . i wonder what remy will hold for us .
= not as good as real
< not what i expected

> the price is definitely an eye opener as someone who usually buys sunscreen on sale and i do n't think too deeply about it . i do like the 35 spf which is higher than the 20 spf i usually buy . this cream went on easily and absorbed quickly and there was no scent and i did not feel greasy at all like i do with other sunscreens.for the price i would probably only use this on my face under my makeup since it is far more than i am used to paying for a sunscreen product . the minerals help protect my skin and i use mineral makeup so that makes me a fan of this sunscreen and i would use in on any one who has sensitive skin since it did n't burn my eyes or irritate my face at all .
= very expensive but works well and applies evenly
< not for me

> axe face scrub has a nice citrus-like scent that leaves your face feeling fresh and ready to face the world . while it does the job , i found it a bit too messy , as it would often get in the hair , which made it difficult to rinse out . however , if you 're going to do this in the shower , than that is not an issue , but for me it was a messy product to use while on the run . also if you not going to completely rinse it off , it will sting your eyes , so multiple rinses could be necessary . besides all that it leaves face feeling clean , refreshed and never dry .
= does the job leabing you feeling refreshed .
< nice scent , but not for me

> out of the first three shrek movies , i have to say that this is the best . it 's a fairly funny movie with a lot of great lines , though there were a couple of inappropriate ( and in an entirely unneccessary way ) jokes , but this movie has a nice mix of medievalism/fairy tales and modern-day comedy and attitudes.one thing that bothers me is that the curse is never explained . why was princess fiona placed under the curse ? i mean , did her parents make some evil fairy godmother or witch angry ? the movie was good and i 've seen it a couple of times , but that question has always nagged at me .
= decent film
< the best of the series

> not sure if these work since i have only been taking them a week . but i do like that these are gluten free , no soy , no dairy , no eggs , no wheat , or shell fish or nuts . they have no after taste and for me they dont smell fishy which i like . and the price is good . just do not think you can be healthy just by taking these or any other supplement.personally i get plenty of omega nutrients because we eat wild cold water salmon as well as sardines . i believe most people who eat a whole healthy diet
= the price is good
< good taste , but not a good price

> this comedy about the zombies or 'mobile dead ' is wickedly funny , especially the light symbolism scattered through-out ( the living often resembling the 'undead ' in their life-styles , etc . ) very well done , and not so gruesome that younger family members ca n't watch . shaun is thrown into a world of tough choices while in the middle of a break up with his girlfriend . now a man she sees as not being able to stick with a plan , or even make one , may be the only hope she and her friends have for survival.chrissy k. mcvay - author
= a million laughs !
< wickedly funny

> rarely is a film so annoying i ca n't get through an hour of it . this combines grungy artificial cgi colors and textures , shaky cam fast edits , and exaggerated hammy acting . at the end of the day , is it more than `` transformers '' with some feisty soldiers inside ? the way they control the robots looks ridiculous . the scientists are irritating . the soldiers are cardboard cutouts impossible to care about . the monsters are basically godzillas . a cartoon could have done it all in a much more visually appealing way for about 5 % of the cost .
= macho geeky bs
< the

> this movie is perfect . what can i say ? rarely does a movie based on a comic book get it right on the level that this film does . usually with movies like x-men or fantastic four , there are so many characters and storylines that certain elements get lost or becoming confusing . that problem does n't exist in this film . the storyline is just brilliant . it really makes you think about politics and the government that exist in the real world as well as the media . and it makes you question whether or not terrorism can ever be justified .
= a masterpiece
< perfect

> ok this is an emotional read . i would say it is more of an emotional and less of a romance novel.both characters here , are damaged , both have experienced death and feel empty and turn to drugs to fill their void.this is a very good story , well written too , however it is not a happy story , it is very gritty and raw in fact . is it worth reading ? hell yes ! the story does n't end in a cliffy ( per say ) , but it will continue in book 2 .
= gritty , raw , emotional read
< emotional read

> this was fun for my step-daughter to use with her five-year-old stepdaughter to grow a small garden on the back patio . the success of the seedlings has been iffy at best . however i blame that on the five-year-old and my step daughter , who has n't taken much better care of the plants than the child has.this is n't for a serious gardener . the cost of the kit is far too high for a couple of seeds and the crop would be much much cheaper to buy organic at the local farmer 's market .
= fun experiment
< fun for my step-daughter

> many multivitamins have lutein , but i 'd like to be sure i 'm getting enough of this nutrient , which is believed to contribute to eye health . we have all kinds of eye issues in our family , and i 'd love to avoid getting them . i have one minor issue , and will update the review after using this supplement after a while , after my next eye exam . meanwhile , this is an easy-to-swallow softgel caplet with 20mgs of lutein per cap .
= inexpensive insurance for your eyes ?
< lutein with lutein per cap

> rating this book without giving any spoliers so others do n't waste their time ! ! ! book was boring , was just a filler in the series . a major thing happens in the book and comes out of the blue and only lasts a half a page ! ! ! then the book ends mid story ! ! ! ! ! i love the idea of more books when they give us a great story and ride ! ! ! not just taking up space ! !
= ticked and disappointed ! ! !
< wow

> my husband loves the dove men line ! they are his favorite products to use.this review is his opinion , not mine . although , i always like the way he smells after using the various dove products , too ! : ) it was foamier than expected , but went on smooth and left his skin feeling smooth . it provided a close shave . its smell was n't overpowering.overall , he recommends this product , along with most all of the dove men products .
= dove shave gel
< dove men line

> i was expecting this to taste like a store-bought frappaccino , sweet and creamy but with that `` factory produced '' , in-genuine edge to it . i was surprised that it tastes more like something you 'd pick up from a coffee house though ! the actual coffee bean flavor stands out in a more robust manner than a typical canned coffee/capp/frapp drink .
= good -- and i 'm not a coffee fan !
< tastes like a store-bought drink

> there is no honest way around it , but post-it notes really do deliver the best in quality labeling . these pads really are a great buy if you have a home office and you need simple organization . i really recommend this for anyone who needs the best in quality labels , and simple storage.price : b+quality : b+overall : b 1/2+
= labeling in color & light
< post-it

> if you 're familiar with k-cups , you know how easy it is to make something now . these lipton soothe green tea cups are delicious . if you 're looking for a great way to unwind at the end of the day but do n't want the caffeine of a regular cup of coffee , this is perfect .
= delicious and easy to make
< delicious

> loved this book too . the first one was great and this one was awesome too ! i love the storyline of jules and nate ! ! ca n't wait for the next .
= fight with me
< loved it ! !

> not always funny , often too predictable , russians are fake , or at least almost everyone is . liked the chinese ( i guess ) guy . cool actor , great performance .
= not what i expected
< not always funny

> omg ! ! ! ! i 'm dying right now ! ! ! i love this series so much i ca n't wait for the next book to come out .
= uncaged
< love

> this story is erotic and was a fun read . lucien and sophie seem to be make for each other . i ca n't wait for the next one .
= perfect
< erotic

> twenty-four years ago libby day 's family was wiped out in one blood-soaked night , and her brother ben is sitting in jail , in large part due to libby 's testimony . now the sympathy money she got from strangers is running out , and she enters into a business relationship with the odd members of a kill club : she will use her influence to interview people involved with the case and earn a few thousand dollars , even though she disagrees with them that ben was wrongfully convicted . but as she talks to those who knew parts of the night 's events , she begins to wonder if she was mistaken . is the killer still out there ? why is ben willing to sit in jail even as he maintains his innocence ? as the mystery and its solution unfold , we move from chapter to chapter alternating between present-day libby , and ben and his mother on that horrific night , and the amazing story , while fascinating , still takes a backseat to the remarkable writing . flynn , in this , her second book , captures the desperation of mother patty and the dark panic of ben as well as libby 's angry , depressed young woman with brilliant phrasing and superb dialogue . none of these characters are likable , but you ca n't put the book down . `` someone had bought the property years ago , razed the house immediately , crushing walls my mother had prettied with cheap flowery posters , smashing windows we 'd breathed against while waiting to see who was coming down the drive , splintering the doorframe where my mom had penciled the growth of ben and my sisters but been too tired to chart me ... '' wow . if you enjoy stylish psychological thrillers , you will love this book . i look forward to others by this author .
= unlikable but fascinating characters
< stylish psychological thrillers

> henry is the 12 year old son of chinese immigrants living in seattle in 1942. his parents are desperate for him to assimilate into the american culture . they send him to an all-white school and insist on him speaking only english at home ( even though they can barely understand him ) . the us is at war with japan and japanese immigrants are regarded with suspicion as potential spies . for this reason , henry wears a badge declaring that he is chinese , but even so he is regarded with distrust by most of his schoolmates . when a japanese girl ( keiko ) starts at the same school , she and henry become friends and the relationship blossoms into romance . however keiko 's entire family is transferred to a prison camp and while we do n't know what happens to them , we know that she and henry lose touch and that he goes onto marry someone else . many years later , he will be sharply reminded of her again.this is a sweet story which is set against an interesting historical backdrop , but it never raised itself above `` just okay '' for me . i had problems accepting that this great romance could develop between 12 year olds and i disliked the way the author keeps spelling things out for us . sentences like : `` no one had thought ( x ) still existed , and it was found . who knew what else he might find if he looked hard enough ? '' . i found the story slow moving and it unfolds in a very predictable way , with no significant twists or surprises . it was one of those books that was easy to read , but which i never felt the slightest inclination to pick up or wondered what was going to happen .
= a sweet story against an interesting historical backdrop
< sweet story of a predictable historical backdrop

> lotr is the highly acclaimed fantasy adventure from director peter jackson and if you do n't know of these films you must have been living on another planet for the past 5 years ! these extended editions have such an array of extras it 's difficult to know where to start . not only do you get extended versions of each film , with additional footage and story exploration , but with each extras disc you gain deeper insight into the lotr films and philosophy . you also get some amazing location documentaries . with subsequent viewings you ca n't help but see the extra film details with a fresh eye . the films are simply great adventures , so dark in places and light in others , they are visually rich and stunning . the extended scenes really do tend to add to the experience ( although a few are mainly eye candy ) and the extras are superb . this is a story and world that you will become completely immersed in and it 's easy to see why this film has been so highly praised by fans and film industry alike . this is an excellent value-for-money box-set , giving you way more than many other box-sets of a similar or greater price.feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
= lotr
< lotr

> i found the beginning of this utterly captivating , very hard to put down . skloot does a good job of addressing the science behind the subject without making it too technical . the part where the story derails is when the family gets involved , particularly the time spent with mrs. lacks ' daughter , deborah . the author seems to focus more on the struggles of deborah and her apparent disabilities , maybe in a human-interest sort of way , but i felt that it began to become a bit more exploitative . i think it is very important to shine a light on the unethical way the black population was treated by the medical profession and how shameful it is that the lacks family has not benefited in any way from the massive scale of production of the hela cell line . if this book had merely contained the first half , or left the drama of the second half out or at least shortened it some , i think this book would have appealed to me more as a whole . i would certainly recommend this to friends , but with a disclaimer of the soap-opera like drama that comes in at the end .
= shameful medical practice
< captivating

> first , lets be clear , it is not really a tablet , nor is it pretending to be , so people really need to be writing fair reviews . it is a super deluxe media player , and it 's insanely good at it . the display is great . it is light and thin and is quite fast , even when playing some games that i play on my phone that my husband 's tablet could not handle . i am thoroughly impressed.is it missing some things i 'd like ? sure , but it 's not like i did not know these things were not there when i bought it . it fills an exact void in my travel kit and will be used on a regular basis at home too . i do n't think i will be quick to stop using my old kindle since i will get tired reading at the rate i do using the back lit display , but for vacations , i see no reason to bring them both.amazon did it right here . it 's a great , no phenomenal product for the price .
= be fair ! it 's not a tablet . it 's a kindle with insane functionality !
< great display , but not a tablet

> i drink lots of water and really do n't have a problem with how it tastes . still , i 'm trying to stay away from sodas and thought this would be a good alternative to carbonated diet beverages . the first time i used it the darn thing squired all over the place . okay . definitely user error but still aggravating.the taste is more peach than mango and frankly tastes very artificial . i thought i 'd like this more than i did . i 'm glad it 's low calorie , but i do n't see myself buying it in the future.update : i have been drinking this product for a while now and have grown to like it . i especially like to mix it with my emergen-c in a glass of water . i doubt it 'll be something i buy -- i think it 's expensive for what it is , and i prefer drinking something that has vitamins or something that will be beneficial to my body -- but it has grown on me .
= just okay
< not bad , but not great

> after seeing so many different opinions concerning the taste , i decided not to just judge on my own `` taste test '' since i got a box with 50 `` samples . '' i shared the samples with several friends.the response i got was just as varied as the opinions here in the reviews . in our own family , i found it tasted bitter , while my husband thought it tasted `` just like sugar . `` given the `` variance '' of the responses , i have given it 3 stars.so how can you decide ? i noticed that the supplier of sun crystals is currently offering free samples on their web site . i strongly suggest that you do your own `` taste test '' before investing in a large supply of this.editedwhile the free offer is not available at the time i am editing this , i do suggest you buy a small box before you invest in a larger one , now that stevia is available in various forms at the grocery store .
= everyone tastes it differently
< just like sugar

> hallie 's world is crumbling around her . her one way to escape brings her past directly into her present . her actions brings a man back into her life that she never expected to return . but bryan 's actions are nothing like the man she remembered , unfortunately her body seems to remember his all too well.===================the first installment of hm ward 's serial installment into bad-boy bryan 's story is just as expected . completely unexpected . we 've seen bits and pieces of bryan in the latest ferro stories and sure he comes across as a rich entitled ass , but holy heck was his play in this just all things douche-bag . we get a glimpse into the explosive nature of these two characters with little to none back story , completely hooking you.i have no idea what their past holds or even at this point how their future is going to play out . one thing is for certain though , these ferro boys carry the a-hole gene .
= more from the ferro clan ? yes please
< another ferro ferro

> whoever created the packing did an excellent job . there 's a picture of a blonde man or woman ( could be either ) wearing a sombrero , arms crossed , each hand carrying a gun , extra bullets worn in a sash across the chest . for back up s/he has a rifle strapped to their back . there 's a flag of california and another of mexico on either side of this hombre . under the all but blank ` nutrition facts ' it reads , `` hot sauce really does n't have nutritional value . it 's vinegar and peppers , for god 's sake . what did you expect ? why are you even trying to determine the nutritional value of hot sauce ? just enjoy it ! '' ca n't really argue with that ! the taste is nice . it 's much less hot and vinegary than tabasco and spicier than most sauces though this gringa would like it even hotter .
= cute name and packaging
< great taste , but not a good way to be a blonde man

> my pup loves these treats and anything that can help her breath smell better is tops in my book . the strips are about six inches long and 3/4 '' wide . they are light in color and do n't have an unpleasant smokey odor like a lot of dog treats do . i did n't personally taste them but by my beagle 's reaction to them , they must taste pretty good to her . they were a bit too large for my chihuahua , though , so i 'd buy these for medium size to larger dogs.the only thing i did n't like was that they did n't last long enough . for dogs like mine who love to chew , these treats are gone in about a minute or less and they 're left just begging for more . if the treats were a little tougher to chew and lasted a bit longer , they 'd be getting five stars .
= my beagle loves them
< my pup loves these treats

> even when factored in that this book is targeted towards young adults , 'eclipse ' is really a poorly written book . its six hundred pages could have easily been compressed in half . the lead character , a whiny high school senior who wants to become a vampire like her boyfriend ( ..makes sense , right ? ) , is anything but likable . she seems to have become the centerpiece of a contentious mix of vampires and werewolves ( ..makes sense , right ? ) but honestly , she is totally empty-headed . however in this edition of the twilight saga there is a battle between the vampires and werewolves that is cool , sort of , and overall i think young adults would do better to read this book than , ... let me think ... , getting hit by a bus.bottom line : i never thought a story about vampires could be so lame . not recommended .
= a poorly told story of a vapid vampire wannabe..
< not bad , but not great

> i received a single serving packet of this item for review . frankly , it was nasty . i prepared it according to the instructions on the product ( add 1 cup of hot water , stir and serve instantly ) . yuck . considering that it was supposed to taste like ginger , honey and perhaps a little lemon flavor - i was not pleased . then i tried putting it over ice and yes , adding a little sugar . no improvement . i ca n't see recommending the beverage , buying this or encouraging others to use it despite the medicinal qualities of ginger for motion sickness or the nausea of pregnancy , etc . it did absolutely nothing for my digestion , either.i am sure whether or not you like this will be wholly a matter of personal taste . it was not for me !
= nasty !
< not for me

> out of the 10+ cases i have owned for my iphones , this one tops the list for best looking , and not too shabby of protection either . the metal backing brings a very nice look to the phone that i think men would especially be pleased with . the case also comes with , `` jelly buttons '' which are padded little stickers that go over your home button . they make finding the home button easier , because it raises it slightly , which i appreciate since i can feel it without looking down . also , the padding on the button feels , nice ? i like it ! i have dropped my phone before with this armor and the phone was fine . i feel like it gives sufficient protection . its no otterbox , but i think it does a good job .
= these cases look very stylish and sleek
< nice look , nice protection

> tide plus febreeze freshness liquid laundry detergent is an excellent product ! i used it the very first day that it arrived . the smell is quite potent and laundered items will retain the smell after they are washed and dried , which can be a pro or con depending upon your personal affinity for the fragrance . it 's not overpowering when the wash & dry process is complete , but it is unmistakable nonetheless . a premium brand like tide always delivers . this detergent with an added touch of downy fabric softener delivered clean , fresh smelling and manageable laundry .
= clean scent and tide cleaning
< tide plus febreeze freshness

> who knew jinx and toombs are so quite and keep to them selves until something happens and things start to go to another side that jinx does n't see . but then again jinx is from and catholic family which is large and she has a lot to think about . the band needs her and her family needs her to be there and help then even tho she not sure who she is and she needs to always be there for 1 brother who needs her the most since they are a little a like . love it . great book .
= crazy from start to finsih
< jinx and toombs

> i 'm not the world 's biggest oatmeal fan , but i have to say that this is really good . there is enough flavor from the cherries to mostly cover the taste of the oats . this tasted mostly like cherry vanilla , though i did n't see vanilla in the ingredient list . this is all of 290 calories with 8g of fat , 5g of fiber , and 9g of protein . it has 130mg of sodium , which is not bad . i had some this morning , and i was quite full for several hours.this is good .
= yummy oatmeal - really
< good taste , but not too good

> my kids hate being lathered in sunscreen . it smells , sometimes it 's too greasy , and it inevitably gets into some little scrape or scratch they have on their bodies and stings . but not cotz pediatric sunscreen ! it does not smell like typical sunscreen , it was n't greasy at all and absorbed quickly , and not once did i hear them complain that it was stinging ! i put it on them before they went outside for the day . they were out for about 4 hours and this held up well . a+ !
= wonderful !
< my kids hate it !

> i had the ultimate `` taste-testers '' test this product ... ... my grandkids . they gave it a thumbs-up all the way . it is super creamy & taste like a cheeseburger . the 4 stars came from me ... ... it gets a 5 star for taste . i felt that it could have used more macaroni . i almost cooked some more to add to it . but , i guess less macaroni maybe helped to make it creamier . we will definitely buy this again ... it could be a meal all by itself .
= tastes like a cheeseburger !
< super creamy

> i want a gio for me , can someone point me in the direction so i can find him ? i love eh 's writing , yes , we have a lot of books about vampires but she makes them so different that all you want to do is continue reading until you drop from exhaustion and even then you still want to continue . i love this series , the plot , the characters , the romance , the heartbreak , everything ! read this series , you will not regret it .
= great series ... .
< i love this series !

> my girls are very picky eaters so i figured this would be another bag we would be giving away . we have them on science diet at the moment ( naturally the little devils would pick the most expensive kind to not snub ) . i 'm relieved they like this since i feel like they need a little variety in their diet . this stuff sure looks more appetizing then most of the dog foods and my 4 girls all seem to enjoy it tremendously .
= it 's a winner !
< my girls are very picky

> when we moved to kansas , i ordered this special edition for family members for christmas . it made a fun gift , and had everything the old version had plus more.i have to admit , i originally watched it on black and white tv , so it was fun when we finally got color to see the change when dorothy lands `` over the rainbow . `` a fun family favorite , and the extra features on this set make it especially nice .
= ordered for family
< fun family favorite

> very erotic at times ( no complaints ) ! i enjoy banter back and forth so from hannah 's first conversation with matt until the last i was intrigued and wanted more.nothing like a little online collaboration writing to get a romance brewing.another plus for me was matt 's eccentric behavior and personality , seriously lawrence ! love that ! hotter than hot for the man to own such a cute thing ! ready for book 2 !
= liked ! !
< hotter than hot !

> it is hard to believe that orwell wrote this book so many years ago and 1984 has already come and passed over 18 years ago . this book brought up the idea of government control of how people live and think . it is relevant as much today as it was back then . this book is a must for anyone studying political science or socialogy . remember , big brother is always watching you !
= still relevant today !
< a must for 1984

> this movie in my opinion is a bit better than the first one , as it is more angsty , plus it introduced doctor octopus as a character , as well as peter parker struggling to keep his secret of spider-man from several people and the inevitable trouble this causes . handled rather well and realistically , this is definitely not a movie to miss especially if you enjoyed the first one .
= good sequel
< better than the first one

> these `` fruit thins '' are the perfect treat . crunchy , flavorful , sweet but not too sweet , and satisfying . i really love the cranberry citrus flavor , as it has just the slightest amount of tart to balance the crunchy and sweet . they are my new favorite snack !
= perfect
< delicious !

> disney 's marketing is not consumer oriented . first it was great and powerful oz not shipping with a 2d version now frozen only getting released in the u.k. in 3d . i was a member of the disney movie club. , but this made me cancel the membership .
= go to amazon uk for the 3d version
< great 3d

> forever my girl is a great story of love lost and found . it follows the story of liam and his high school sweetheart josie . this book is the 1st in a series but can be read alone without reading the next .
= great read !
< great story

> almost all the ends have been tied up and the happily ever after we 've been looking for has become a reality for some ot characters while the others will continue on on the next book .
= nice little conclusion/extension book .
< great book

> i would definitely recommend this book to everyone its awesome.just could n't believe that this book is free when i got it.i ca n't wait to start the next book .
= o wow
< loved it

> it was a good story but felt way too rushed , i feel like i missed something while reading it but as always it was a happily ever after
= interesting
< good story

> i am totally in love with this series ! ! ! i ca n't even express how much i absolutely loved this series it is so perfect ! !
= amazingly perfect ! ! !
< love this series ! ! !

> a hidden jewel . i loved this book . great story line . awesome characters and just enough to keep you wanting more . i want more !
= loved it
< loved it !

> in seattle enzo the mixed breed dog believes he is different from most if not all other canines as he knows he has a human soul and looks forward to his reincarnation as a man . he adores his human companion denny and loves their bachelor existences . denny works at an auto repair shop trying to obtain the capital needed to become a racing driver . enzo supports the dream by watching racing on tv especially tapes involving his best friend and has become an expert on the subject , but is frustrated with his inability to communicate with his two legged buddy.denny meets and falls in love with eve . they marry but the woman and the dog mistrust one another . denny is away racing when eve goes into labor ; she turns to enzo as her coach . enzo loves the new baby , zoe , but also fears for the mom as her `` odor '' smells rancid . eve becomes ill and dies . her parents who loathe denny sue for custody of zoe although they know they have no chance of winning . instead they arrange for their fifteen years old niece to seduce enzo , but he rejects the teen . still she screams rape and now his case is weak . with enzo still riding shotgun , denny keeps fighting.told by enzo , the art of racing in the rain is an engaging inspirational tale that encourages people to go after your dreams . the story line is filled with metaphors especially comparing life to race car driving on an oval track . although the in-laws ' shenanigans seem unreal particularly compared with a dog thinking like a human , fans will enjoy this fine uplifting anthropomorphic saga of life as seen through the personification of a thinking person 's dog.harriet klausner
= engaging inspirational tale
< engaging inspirational tale

> i like matt damon ( good will hunting ) . i like franka potente ( run lola run ) . i like director doug liman ( swingers , go ) . i like julia stiles . i like chris cooper . i was ready to like this film . but how could i ? it was really boring.i 'm not usually a person who notices interpersonal onscreen chemistry , but there is no chemistry between damon and potente ; as a matter of fact , if you told me they hated each other during filming , i 'd believe it . secondly , the plot is implausible . we never really know why cooper wants to kill damon . would you train a guy who could do all this stuff , and then just wipe him out if one mission went wrong ? finally , and most egregiously , the action is just plain boring . the car chase from the trailer is the movie 's best action sequence , and it takes place in the middle of the film . there is nothing very exciting after that . i had hoped for great scenes of europe , and what we see of locations in prague and paris are beautiful , but they are infrequent . julia stiles and chris cooper are utterly wasted.dvd extras are good . four deleted scenes , an extended scene and an alternate ending , director 's commentary , a moby video , a 14-minute featurette/promo , a trailer , production notes , cast & amp ; crew credits , and dvd-rom features that will work only on windows machines.many people here seem to have liked this film , so maybe you will too , but if you decide to see it , do yourself a favor and rent it .
= booooooooooring
< not bad , but not great

> master & commander is a fun movie to watch and marvel at all the detail and special effects , but in the end it does n't offer enough to make it a memorable movie.while set in the french revolution and involving an english and french ship chasing each other , the movie is not about action . the focus of the movie is life aboard a ship and the interaction of all the people on the boat . this is the strength of the movie.the crew ( all men ) live in miserable conditions with primitive means for eating and medical care . you 'll be amazed at the misery these people endured and thought as normal . since the movie is about life on the about , there better be some strong characters to carry the story.russell crowe does a good job as captian jack aubrey , although at times he seems to be just doing the normal things a captain would do ( citing scriptures a crewman 's funeral ) . aubrey seems to only be close to the officers and is good friends with the doctor . to me the doctor on the ship is the best character , suffering an injury , and showing compassion for the crew and common sense when needed.the climactic action scene is exciting yet at the same time its hard to tell who is who and the scene ends in what seems like too short of time for what was actually accomplished.in the end , i enjoyed this movie in spite of the fact i found it hard to enjoy or empathize with any of the characters . and thus the story of the life aboard a british navy vessel was enjoyable for the detail , but not for the characters involved .
= an enjoyable movie
< fun movie

> this high octane action picture stars tom cruise in his usual role as ethan hunt . it opens with a tech ally ( played by simon pegg ) helping cruise escape from a highly guarded prison in moscow . what then follows is his team trying to get the launch codes for a bunch of nuclear weapons from a terrorist ( played by michael nyqvist ) , who plans to use them to start world war iii.the twists and turns and suprises , as well as the action scenes , are satisfying . some are believable and some are up for your vote . what did you expect ? that 's how this series rolls.my favorite scenes were the early prison break out and the mid fight against the female villain lieutenant 's character.also starring anil kapoor ( that old rogue of sorts who was the tv personality in `` slumdog millionaires '' ) , paula patton , josh halloway ( a small role and yes that 's the guy from lost ) , lea ' seydoux ( the female villain lieutenant ) and cameos by michelle monaghan and ving rhames.this is the fourth installment of the mission : impossible series . cruise and pegg are interested in a fifth installment . the budget was $ 145m and it made over $ 693m at the box office . no chump change here.story/plotting : b plus ; characters/dialogue : b to b plus ; action scenes : b plus to a minus ; twists and turns/surprises : b plus to a minus ; when watched : early june 2012 ; overall grade : b plus .
= my grade : b plus .
< a great action action action action

> the first thing i did when i picked up this bottle of hot sauce is turn the bottle over and look at the ingredients . i told myself that if the first ingredient were vinegar , then i was n't going to like it . i do n't like tabasco sauce , because it just tastes like hot vinegar.well , ingredient # 1 was vinegar , so i put a small amount on one of my tacos , plugged my nose , and give it a try . it turns out it was pretty good . it was hot , but not insanely not . best of all , it had a lot of good rich flavors . it did n't taste as much like vinegar as i had feared . i tasted other flavors , like cumin and salt too . the ingredients label does n't list the spices , so i could n't tell what else was in it . the overall taste is dark and rich like a good ranchero sauce.besides that first batch of tacos i tried it on ( and rice & beans ) , i 've tried this on lots of other foods too . this sauce is perfect on eggs . it gives the eggs a great rich taste.i heard dexter holland from the offspring on a podcast telling his story about starting up this hot sauce company . he sounded like a good guy and i hope this product is successful.and if you 're a hot sauce lover and a tabasco hater like me , check outtabanero . that stuff has no vinegar at all .
= good stuff
< hot sauce

> as a boy , psycho had me terrified to take a shower for days and days . this alfred hitchcock classic thriller redefined the horror genre and set the stage for the heart-pounding screamfests we encounter to this day . telling the story of the out-of-the-way bates motel -- managed by the quiet , yet mysterious , norman bates ( anthony perkins ) -- psycho serves notice that mental derangement can occur at any given moment . when nerve-shattered marion ( janet leigh ) , who has just stolen forty thousand dollars from her employer , checks into the bates motel , little does she realize the horrors that await -- just by taking a shower . and the shower scene -- with a knife-wielding norman dressed as his deceased mother -- is a cinematic tour de force , a scene that has had viewers cringing for decades . and as marion 's sister and boyfriend ( vera miles and john gavin ) pick up marion 's trail and follow her to the bates motel , they uncover the deadly secrets in the house overlooking the motel.one of hitchcock 's best efforts , psycho broke ground with audiences and never looked back . one star off for the weak resolution of the story ( a monologue by a psychiatrist who has interviewed norman ) ; a thriller of this magnitude deserves better . yet this flaw does not detract from the immensity and impact psycho had , and has , on the horror genre . this is a timeless classic not to be missed. -- d . mikels , esq .
= the granddaddy of them all
< the best horror thriller of the year

> i have just finished cage and let me tell you this is a book not to be missed ! harper sloan gives us the most deliciously , sexy man in gregory cage . he is the ultimate friend , protector and badass security guy ever to hit georgia ! this is a man who wants love in his life but for so long has been everything to everyone , he has forgotten his own needs somewhere along the way.but then he meets his beauty : a nurse named melissa and everything he has ever wanted has come together in one woman . he is immediately drawn to her and through some interesting twists of fate has her in his bed and in his heart before he knows what hit him.i loved this book because first of all , all the corps security guys are back , as are the great women we met in axel : izzy , dee and emmy . their relationships flourish even more in this book and you ca n't help but want to be a part of their family . and second and most important we have a beautiful love story between two very headstrong characters in cage and melissa . they are truly meant to be and even though there are many bumps and unexpected twists , their journey is worth every second.i highly recommend this book and ca n't wait for the next on in the series dealing with dee and beck.you will not be disappointed !
= 4.5 stars ! !
< another great book !

> this trilogy is really a love story from exciting and flirtatious beginnings to settled and happy endings . even though the series received a lot of publicity for the steamy sex scenes ( and there are fewer and fewer as each book progresses ) they are not really the crux of the storyline.christian and anastasia are likable characters and have enough chemistry between them to make for a believable relationship . this last book was a great way to end the series and it seemed to follow a natural progression in the story line of the first two books.i think i liked the first book the best since it was full of that new relationship fun ( and heartache ) . the second book was good but seemed to linger a bit and this book was really good . although i did n't pour through it the same way i did the first two.i also like the end of the book where we hear some of the events that happened earlier in the story line from the perspective of other characters.so , my title is 'a great ending - or is it ? because i 'm not sure if the story can pick up from here . it is pretty settled . but you never know if popular characters will return in some fashion.a recommended series for fun reading .
= a great 'ending ' - or is it ?
< a love story

> in preparation for mockingjay i 've re-read both the hunger games and now catching fire.i 'm telling you right now , i 'd give anything to have suzanne collins ' imagination.so for those of you living under a rock , catching fire is the sequel to a story in which katniss , a teenage girl , gets thrown into a deadly game of `` survivor '' . this story begins with the tour of the victors and we are lulled into believing that katniss is finally safe , that it 's finally over.oh no . suzanne wo n't let us off that easily . i think the games in this book are , in their own way , even more terrifying than in the first . the idea of the island , the players involved and the stakes do so much for the story that i 'm sitting here covered in goosebumps . to make matters even worse i know that i 'll be blubbering like a baby on tuesday because suzanne collins has a way of twisting a story so well that you ca n't help but get caught up in it.fantastic middle book to a brilliant trilogy !
= review of catching fire
< brilliant trilogy !

> my family liked this taco sauce and said to give it 5 stars . i made a hamburger dish with it , with hamburger , rice , this sauce , and crumbled corn chips . it was quickly gobbled up.the picture on the bottle of this sauce , is that of a taco . i guess that means it was intended for use on a taco . however , i made a taco hamburger skillet dish . i 'm sure there are probably lots of recipes somewhere in which you could use this sauce , or you can just create you own , such as i did . mine was really simple indeed , but loved by my family.i am used to taco sauce being red , but this is a brownish-orangy , so i guess that makes it unique ! as long as my family liked it , and i did n't have to throw it out ( which i did n't ) , i guess it is good .
= unique taco sauce
< a taco hamburger skillet dish

> what a way to end a series . they truly had come full circle . for the troubled way they started out it made them appreciate the happiness they shared . it 's just beautiful . i enjoyed being a part of their journey . the insight of being a professional athlete and a wife was starting . i enjoy watching sports but do n't put much thought into what it takes to be in that life style . i will never look at a player trade in quite the same way . i enjoyed the total picture in this book . from professional life to the personal life through the years was endearing . what an epic book couple . the epilogue in chances pov was so sweet and cyclical . all i could think was '' here we go again '' ! i am sad that this series is over but what a ride outs been .
= happily ever after
< a beautiful series

> i 've tried two different flavors of mio . peach tea , and mango peach . to be honest , they both taste almost identical to me , but i like them . this stuff is potent . after adjusting the amount used , i got it to where i really like it . less is definitely better . the flavor is n't all that natural tasting , but it is very pleasant when you do n't use too much . i highly recommend you start out with only a drop or two , until you reach your desired level of flavor . i like mio peach tea , but i only recommend it if you 're a fan of fruity diet drinks . if you 're more of a juice drinker , and/or someone that does not like diet soft drinks , you may want to look elsewhere .
= i like it
< i like them

> we 've used several dispensers for notes . this one was put together in 6 easy steps , and can be stuck anywhere you need post it notes . the stick on tabs have velcro , and the dispenser sticks to the backing in a snug manner . it is the best dispenser we 've used for `` accordion '' type notes . it is also narrow and does n't take up a lot of space . the design and look blends with other items in the kitchen or other area , and the surface is wipable and sturdy . the one con i 've point out is that the pen holder is slightly too big ( made for thicker pens ) , but this should not deter your purchase-still a fantastic product !
= simple , easy , convenient-love the `` stick on '' feature !
< great for notes

> my two kids loved these these things . i had a couple and then they ate the rest of the bag up and were asking for more . nice crunchiness with a not too sweet flavor . the whole family thought they were really good . per serving gives you 60 cal , no fat , no cholesterol , no sodium , 2g fiber ( i 'm sure you can use the fiber ) , 1g sugar , only four ingredients that are truly natural and organic , and most importantly the kids like them and will eat them and you feel like a good parent for giving them a healthy and nutritious snack . i ca n't ask for much more in a snack .
= good taste . good for you . kids like it . good stuff .
< kids loved them !

> i 'm a long time dreft user , so it 's nice to try out and test different baby detergent to compare the differences.while it cleaned as good as any baby detergent could , i did have some sensitivity issues . one of my twin toddlers has severe excema , and when i used this product his excema increased so much that he was scratching himself bleeding raw under his clothes . i used it twice and had similar results so i had to discontinue using the product.as for the packaging , i also had leakage issues upon the delivery . it was n't packaged very well , causing the bottles to both leak through the cardboard boxing .
= good , but ...
< works well , but not great

> taste is a bit watery but not unpleasant . good blend of vitamins and soothing aloe make this a nice alternative hydration product . as middle aged joggers - one who is training for a marathon - we 're trying to stay away from sugary sweet sports drinks and other products filled with chemicals . coconut water has been terrific but gets old after awhile ( and expensive ) . this is a nice alternative . taste was n't bad at all ... was n't sure what to expect with the aloe but this is soothing on the stomach , easy on the tastebuds and seemed like a good choice.goodflavorvitaminssizebadplastic bottle
= nice hydration alternative
< good taste , good taste

> i really enjoyed this book . the plot , action , and dialogue were all very well written and i very rarely got bored nor cringed from anything being too cheesy . the characters were mostly , all enjoyable except for the occasional villain that you wanted kick in the face . horse and marie , the main two characters were a funny , sexy , and super passionate couple . i loved their chemistry and dynamic . i ca n't wait for the next book and completely recommend this one . it 's funny , hot , action packed , and romantic-ish . ; - )
= pretty good ...
< great read

> despite the lack of linda hamilton and james cameron , this terminator does more than a respectable job at continuing the franchise with wit , action and imagination . for all of us terminator fans , this could have been a disaster . the action sequences are absolutely astounding , and the new terminatrix is vicious and terrifying . nick stahl is a vast improvement over edward furlong in the last film , and arnold 's presence is actually fun . it 's a big popcorn epic , not too long , and actually thought-provoking -- which is a requirement of all terminator movies !
= surprise ! it 's good
< the terminator of the terminator

> gold kili all natural instant beverage mix ( ginger & lemon ) is an all right drink-in-a-powder . i have drank similar types of drinks in the past ( chrysanthemum , herbal and tea ) and i thought i give this one a try . i was n't turned off by the taste but it was n't lip smacking good either . its an acquired taste and if you enjoy drinking instant beverages ( just add water ) then you 'll want to try this one out . veterans of powdered drinks need not apply .
= not bad tasting if you enjoy powdered beverages
< natural instant beverage mix

> i only require two things in a tampon : good protection with no leakage and an easy to use applicator.playtex gentle glide unscented , regular , 40 countprovides both and it 's a brand that i have used for many years . while i normally do prefer cardboard applicators , i did n't have any problems with the plastic of this one . i just do n't see the need to waste so much plastic unnecessarily if it can be avoided . overall this is a good choice for those `` regular '' days .
= good protection and easy to use
< good protection

> seducing cinderella was such a great book . very well written , light and funny at times and then just downright sexy at others . reid and lucie are a great couple and i am so happy they got their hea . the sex scenes were so tender and hot , i was sweating : ) this is a 5 star read , so well done i ca n't recommend it enough . you will not be disappointed with this choice . and reid is just some kind of wonderful as well .
= fabulous book !
< great book

> these apple clusters are great . they have a very concentrated , intense apple flavor , almost like apple cider . there is just enough cinnamon to complement the apple without being overpowering.the clusters are small and extremely crunchy , but not hard to chew at all . certified organic and with only four ingredients , these are a wonderful , healthy snack . i ate some plain , and i also tried them mixed in with trail mix . either way , they were delicious .
= perfect snack
< delicious , healthy snack

> these labels feed through my printer well and easily . they peel easily ( not always a given with this type of product ) . they stick to the items i place them on . the size is a convenient one in that i can utilize them for a variety of uses.it 's nice when a product is good and does what it is supposed to and is designed in a way that sweats the details . good product .
= an effective and flexible product
< good product

> this was short and sweet . it dealt with issues the average joe does n't even think of . the price of fame and past mistakes can be very high . it is what you do with that price that makes you or breaks you . i love jack and i love cassie even though she is a bit self involved . but love will win out every time . thanks for this little bit of sweetness .
= intense fun
< short and sweet

> jarrow 's lutein seems to be an excellent choice for vision benefits . i 've taken it for several months , and while the changes are subtle , they 're definitely there.my vision seems to be sharper and clearer , and by some miracle , i did n't need a change in my eyeglass prescription for the first time since i got reading glasses.definitely worth a few bucks to give your vision a boost .
= great vision saver ...
< excellent lutein

> this short but excellent novella is such a great example of the right way to write a novella - cd reiss has struck just the right balance between character development and story , each is just enough . the characters are compelling ( both primary and secondary ) , the story evenly paced , passionate and sensual . if this is the start of a series , i 'm definitely on board !
= well balanced novella
< great novella

> this router is good as both a basic - comes with adequate presets router - and as a more advanced one for those who prefer.need more control.the biggest plus for this router is the sleek upright tower design.i like this router better than the belkin i was previously using . i 'm in a three-story house and get adequate coverage everywhere .
= pretty and useful
< good router

> what more to say ? i get nauseated by the excessive corn syrup sweetness of most fruit drinks or juices . this one has just the right amount of sweetness , and the package says it is natural . i think the small size is just the right amount to drink and would be perfect for a mixer .
= good cherry flavor-not too sweet
< great taste

> i really like the new 360 degree design . it sort of poofs out like an expanding cup . the applicator is plastic . the wrappers are labeled and color coded . the product works well and is comfortable . they are made in the usa . i recommend them .
= give it a try
< great design

> clear scalp & hair beauty therapy ultra shea nourishing oil is very useful . i did not have any allergic reactions to it , and it keeps my hair soft and supple . for five bucks , well worth the investment . i highly recommend this product .
= great for dry scalp & hair
< clear scalp & hair beauty

> omg ... ... .i loved this book i just finished it . i was kinda leery at first but i 'm glad i bought it . i loved all the characters well except nat not really sending love her wayrecommend
= love it
< loved it

> this was a good book.i felt so sorry for her at the beginning , and so mad at that rat.i 'm glad she found him on the cruise and they fell in love .
= good
< good

> `` harry potter and the chamber of secrets '' is the second book in the well-loved `` harry potter '' series . even though i 've watched all of the films that have been released up to this point , this is only the second book that i 've read . i have to admit that this tale is wonderful , but compared to the first book , it is n't quite as good . do n't get me wrong , this is a great read compared to many other novels out there , but it ended a little bit too abruptly for my tastes.all of the characters from the first book return , excepting the defense against the dark arts teacher , who 's been replaced by the glory hound lockhart . harry still has to deal with those wretched dursleys , and he believes that his friends have forgotten about him . however , he happens to have a strange little visitor one night , dobby , who warns him to not return to hogwart 's for his second year of wizarding school . of course , harry does manage to make it back to hogwart 's albeit not aboard the hogwart 's express . he has to take a detour in order to get there.this is just the first in a number of stumbling blocks and dead-ends that harry and his friends run into . not to mention the fact that someone or something is `` petrifying '' students at the school . harry is also hearing voices through the walls of the school . plus , he has to deal with draco malfoy and his cronies.with hagrid , hermione , ron , and dumbledore , among others , on his side , harry attempts to find out who or what is committing the multiple crimes at the school and clear his own name . it 's a wonderful little mystery reader and i plan to pick up the third book as soon as i can.highly recommended .
= casting a spell on the reader
< a great read

> after reading all the glowing 5 star review , i thought this would be worth the premium price - especially with the mini-series coming out . i like to read books then watch them , although i usually enjoy the books more . not in this case . this book is long and boring . it jumps around too much and lacks focus . the characters have no depth , they are all cheesy cardboard characters with all of their thoughts and motivations explained as soon as they are introduced - their super shallow thoughts are spelled out to the reader as if the reader has an iq of 50. writing this story from the perspective of a few well developed characters instead throwing a bunch of cardboard people in would 've made the story much better . this novel was n't interesting because i could n't bring myself to care about any of the 2-d characters . also , each scene should advance the story somehow , but they do n't , there are tons of unfinished story threads - great for soap operas , but not for thrillers.i kept hoping this would get better - i mean , it is stephen king ! but ugh , it was awful , dull , meandering and i regret the time i wasted to read it . it goes on forever too , maybe 3 or 4 times as long as a normal novel . does mr king really think people want to read drivel like this ? the story was a great idea full of potential , but it feel like the rough draft was published . i 'm shocked at all the 5 star reviews . on the upside , i just watched the first part of the mini series based on this book and it has some promise . it feels like the producers are taking time to clean up the story for tv .
= do n't waste your money on this - the mini-series is better
< not what i expected

> i 've read many positive reviews on this debut novel , and final got a chance to experience it for myself -- i must say , i also enjoyed it a lot . it 's the kind of story that engages the reader early on and does n't disappoint.on an isolated island off the coast of australia , tom sherbourne takes a job as the lighthouse keeper after he returns from the from war in 1918. for tom , the solitude on the island is just what he craves after seeing the horrors of war . the only time he sees other people is every ( 3 ) months when supplies are delivered from the mainland . when he meets and marries isabel ( izzy ) , the two return to the island and life seems happy and less lonely for tom . disappointments soon face the couple as izzy suffers several miscarriages and desperately longs for a baby of their own.one day in 1926 , a boat washes up on shore with a dead man on board . a crying baby is found nearby . who is the dead man and , where is the baby 's mother ? could this mysterious baby be the answer to the couple 's prayers , or will a decision of the heart lead to more sadness in their lives ? the light between oceans was such a compelling read . written in ( 3 ) parts with tom as the main character , although the reader gets to know izzy and other characters through their pov as well . the story will have readers quickly invested in the story and anxious to learn the outcome . it 's one of the books that will have readers talking about the book to others . it 's also the type of book that would seem to make for a good movie as well .
= 4.5/5 stars - compelling read
< a compelling debut

> after nearly a half century of better than perfect vision , i finally started having difficulty reading very small script on some bottles ( like this one ! ) last year . it 's a very minor thing , but i 've always been very grateful for my vision , and as an art and nature lover i sure appreciate the minutiae they constantly reveal , thus i 've been trying various foods and supplements to see if they can help . lutein is among the most common suggestions , so i gave it a try.while i 've noticed only a tiny improvement in the astigmatism , i certainly have found that my color perception is stronger . hues are more complex and there seems to be a little more definition between shades . blues and reds are also deeper . is this due to the lutein ? impossible to say 100 % yes , as i 'm also doing more oil pulling ( look it up , very simple , cheap and useful for many health issues ) and taking other supplements , so it may be a combinatory effect , but i feel safe in saying that this lutein is making at least some difference in my eyesight . if your eyes are less than perfect , it could n't hurt to give lutein a try for a month and see what you think , and think about what you see .
= i can see some difference
< lutein is a little more complex

> i liked this book way better than from ashes . i could at least tolerate the characters . although , i thought that harper growing up being a military brat would have been more of a strong force . she was kind of flighty and i did not like that she bad all sides with the guys . being that harper was having her first relationship , i thought she would have not wanted it to end up in a love triangle . to be honest , i did not care for either guy in the beginning . i thought brandon was ok . he was nice and i thought that harper did not treat brandon as fairly as she should have . the sparks just were n't there at explosively as they were between harper and chase . this is because the author was pushing for harper and chase to be together . however , chase was mean to begin with . he was too much of a womanizer that i did not see him as a good guy for harper . however , he did slowly win me over . only than to have the author toss a huge bomb in the middle of the story . the ending while it was nice , i actually would have preferred if the author had just let harper have a happen ending without another guy in her life .
= i could at least tolerate the characters .
< better than ashes

> this book was a great read , i really did enjoy reading it , taddy is a hoot , `` sweet jesus balls of justice . look at those nuts . dang ! '' her thoughts are entertaining , `` so flippin ' male . so effin ' mine . so effing now . '' she 's also a harda** when needed , `` i should 've figured . it 's your hotel . only an a**hole would press charges . '' warner and taddy 's reactions to each other was very entertaining especially when you read it in the mind of taddy , `` warner picked her a smidge off her feet as he squeezed . you 're strong . he pressed into her as she felt his muscles . you 're hard . his erection grazed her as well . you 're hung . '' yep real interesting . warner the boy does n't wince words , `` so you 're saying - you want to see my penis again ? '' and he knows how to set boundaries something taddy has never really had in her life , `` you can spank my a** . you can even strike my di** . but do n't ever hit my face . ''
= warner
< great read

> i walk my dogs in all sorts of weather so i need a bit of skin protection every now and again . here in the southwest the sun is very strong and it 's shinning pretty much everyday . i get up early mornings to walk the dogs and to avoid the full impact of the rays , but there are days when i must walk during the afternoons . i tried this uva/uvb sunscreen yesterday and it did a good job . it easily rubs into my skin , it is pretty much fragrance free , and it 's soothing to the skin . it worked well on my arms as my neck and upper chest showed signs of redness but my arms did not.i think a spf of 35 is a bit too low . if they could up that to at least 60 , i feel this would be a better product . i have very sensitive skin and this did not bother me so i 'm quite happy about that as well . i recommend it for people who are occasionally in heavy sunlight .
= pretty close but not completely fragrance free ... ..
< great for sensitive skin

> i am not a fan of survivor and was not sure if i would like this story but i had a few friends tell me i would enjoy it . and guess what ? i loved it . abby gets hood-winked by her boss into joining a tv show stuck on an island for six weeks , so she can get behind the scenes info and a book deal . what she does n't plan on is meeting dean . he is arrogant and only wants to win the game . or so he thinks . he picks abby for his partner and the sparks fly , literally it is paint flying . great part in the book by the way . when they decide to put their anger for each other aside to get the the final four or the final two , the sparks of electricity flies between them . wish there would have been more to the end but it was great . this is a first for me by jessica clare and i look forward to reading more from her .
= great read !
< loved it !

> i admit , i have a picky little terrier/mix and so she ca n't bark for all dogs , but she did not care for chef michael 's grilled sirloin at all . she is used to the chunkier , moist food , so maybe that 's the reason . i poured some in her bowl and she sniffed of it , looked at me , and then walked away . the food sat in the bowl all day . she did n't eat any of it . i felt guilty after awhile because she just refused to eat it . but , i let it sit there . the next day , she still had n't eaten any of it . knowing she must be very hungry , i got rid of the chef michael 's and gave her some of her usual food . she scarfed it right down . so , for my dog anyway , i ca n't give this dog food a great rating . sorry .
= chef michael 's
< my dog likes it

> i wanted this external hard drive to attach to mypogoplug classic -- yes , i have the pink one , in fact i have two of the pink ones . any way i have in the past had excellent experiences with seagate drives . it 's western digital that has caused me the most grief , especially their [ [ asin : b002jmwbrw my book ] ] series.anyway back to this particular drive . it 's not as stylish as some of the other external seagate drives i own and i can not tell you about how reliable it is , but it did start right up and i 'm getting respectable transfer speeds as i back up a couple of faltering 250 gb external drives . streaming through the pogoplug on or off site ( i have the iphone app ) is quite satisfactory.if there is any change in my experience i will update this review . right now though i have no complaints .
= external hard drive for media storage and streaming via pogoplug
< i have the pink one

> these are just the greatest little dispensers ! let me run down why i love them : * easy to install , and uninstalls without leaving a mark on your wall . * installs anywhere you have a flat surface . texture does n't appear to be an issue , so long as the tape can make contact reasonably well . * fun bright colors* sticky notes stay in place and do n't wiggle around . * notes dispense easily , one at a time every time . * no more misplaced post its when you urgently need them ! * pen holder is built right in too , so you wo n't be at a loss for a pen when you need it either ! i really see no drawbacks to these at all . you will just need to remember to refill them not with the standard post-its in book form , but the kind that peel off accordion-style .
= this is such a great idea . never misplace your post-its again .
< love these !

> oxothe measuring cups are a quality product . the only two things i had against them were that you can not see potential there polls through the stainless steel and there was no place on the container or website to see what the percentage of the purity of the stainless steel ; such as a teen 10 1888 team zero . these are just really picky things that i look for in a product that is going to be touching foods and beverages . oxo is n't usually a quality product and they seemed very sturdy and you could read the size of each cup very well on the handle . i would recommend these measuring devices in a kitchen.this is just my opinion but i do like them very much especially the part where you can hang them or take them off of the ring to keep them altogether . i hope this recommendation is helpful
= ok
< quality measuring cups

> the amazing spider-man is less cheese and more gritty than sam raimi 's trilogy . kind of like nolan 's batman films compared to the two non tim burton ones that came before them . i like andrew garfield and emma stone better than tobey and kirsten and i felt this movie really showcased spider-man 's acrobatic fighting style . the fight scene with the lizard villain in the school was just as good as any action scene in the avengers . the cgi looked great in imax 3-d.now i do agree that this is more of a remake than a reboot , but there are enough differences to at least make you feel like you are watching a new take on a familiar story.i was very close to giving this 5 stars , but i think that will have to wait until that bat rises on july 20th .
= my favorite of the four spider-man movies
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i am totally immersed in this series . absolutely fabulous writing by lisa renee jones . this second book takes us through the mystery of rebecca 's disappearance and the dangers this brings to sara . like in the old title by daphne du maurier , the reader will be obsessed to find out what really happened to rebecca.the love developing between sara and chris is loaded with complications and certain destruction . these characters develop and mature as the story progresses and we get glimpses of the possibilities for a future where both lovers can heal . `` all or nothing '' becomes the driving force in the plot line . it is real life at its rawest and our characters must face their demons or be emotionally destroyed.eagerly awaiting the conclusion - revealing us.i received an arc from the publisher in exchange for my honest review .
= absolutely fabulous
< absolutely fabulous !

> cosmic energy in a cloudfive people up in orbitthe cloud blows in a bit too soonzaps them , and they absorb itone heats up , one fades awayone stretches to the maxthe fourth one 's like a lump of stoneall full of craggy cracksthe fifth one 's also feeling ithe 's on the darker sidethere 's nothing he can nip and tuckto mask his metal hidedoom hates richards to the coreit 's over storm they ragehe 's not prepared to lose it alland plots to clear the stagehis power grows , he has controlof energy resourcesit 's up to the fantastic fourto make him hold his horsesthe movie 's good , but not too deepno background on the playersalthough it 's shallow , it 's a blastso ignore all those nay-sayersamanda richards , december 23 , 2005
= storm clouds doom 's future
< the and tuckto

> i think i might have lost a couple pounds with this awsome gut busting sequel ! i love every character and every moment of this book just like i loved seduction and snacks . after the chaos of reuniting and getting together , claire and carter still have alot to get use to in order to make their lives mold together . i found it hilarious to see poor claire never catch a break with carters family and i loved all of carters attempts at doing the one thing that would complete his life . the cherry on top was gavin who just made the book better just by being himself . this was an awsome book by an awsome author and i look forward to reading anything else she has ready for us : )
= hilarious and heartwarming !
< i love this book !

> these 7th generation overnight diapers were definitely not worth what they are being sold for . i 'm all for saving the planet , but these leaked so bad , that my grandson was waking up every morning soaked . i even tried using pampers at night , and using these just during the day when my grandson is being changed much more frequently , but they leaked every time they were used . i would not recommend these diapers at all . the price alone is a complete turn off . i do n't understand why they would be so expensive . i 'm sure it does n't cost this company anymore money to make these then it does pampers or huggies .
= not worth the price
< not worth what they are being sold for

> this movie was much better than i thought it would be . the story and characters were interesting and multi-faceted . i was really impressed with both christian bale and heath ledger . it is too bad a talented actor like heath died so young . christian bale is pretty impressive too but his role in this film is not one of star . the other actors in small roles are wonderful and this is a successful big budget movie . there is the obligatory big noises and special effects and that can be a bit wearing at times . still the story moves on at an exciting pace .
= a dark knight and colorful joker
< better than i thought it would be

> minireview : a taut , well plotted zombie apocalypse as it first strikes humanity that does n't hold any punches in showing society unravel . the `` cure '' is a series of clue trails as things get bleaker and bleaker for humanity . unlike other zombie tales they 're harder to kill and they come en masse having the ability as shown in the trailers to build a `` zombie pyramid '' to get over towering walls . no places is truly safe . they do n't let up on the overall grimness which i appreciated . overall grade : b plus .
= my grade : b plus .
< the best zombie movie of all time

> i enjoyed reading about their lives after the book the mighty storm , but i 'm not so sure the story needed a book 2. there was so much angst and drama in the first one . and i think it ended on a good note.this book , had a lot less going on . yes , there were parts that were juicy and full of emotion , but the emotional pull and angst was not present as much in my opinion.nevertheless , loved reading about jake and tru .
= great closure
< good read

> the prequel trilogy is fairly long , and could have been condensed into a duology without any real negative impact on the story . one thing i definitely enjoyed was seeing jango and boba fett . this movie is n't awful and i certainly enjoyed many parts of it , but this and the first movie could have been put together , because episodes 1 and 2 are more of an build-up for episodes 3 and onward .
= all right
< good movie

> this is yet another great read by j lynn ! i loved the hotness of this one , and while kyler was liked by the ladies he was n't jerk . the plot was a little predictable and syd did have some whiny moments , but it did n't spoil the book for me . kyler is book boyfriend material that 's for sure , i wonder i tanner is going to have his own book ?
= read it !
< another great read by j lynn !

> wow , could not put down . this book was amazing and i can not wait to read the next one.this book will have you hooked from the moment you pick it up and the characters , all i can say is they will invade your dreams.this is a must read , you will not be sorry .
= loved it
< wow

> i doubt i 'll bother seeing any sequels in this trilogy . this movie just does n't have the charm and over all quality of the lord of the rings movies . i considered the original book very minor to the main story and this goes for the movie also .
= not up to the lord of the rings trilogy
< i 'm a classic

> if i could give this more star 's i would , it 's amazing.you out did yourself michelle a. valentine.i 'm going to go crazy waiting for the next book.i fell in love with these two characters.i would recommend this book and any book of michelle valentine 's .
= just wow
< loved it

> since it is the wrong time of year to plant a lot of these seeds i went ahead and planted the herbs . they are sprouting and look very sturdy . i plan to keep these on the bay window sill for the winter .
= seems pretty good
< great for the bay

> if cost is no object , then tide is the detergent for you ! the detergent gives a first-rate clean to any load of laundry , and the smell is terrific . this new package is environmentally friendly , and easy to carry .
= expensive , but effective
< tide is the best !

> this book was very fast paced . it definitely had the suspense that makes for great entertainment . it also had plenty of sizzling sex . cade mackenzie is one hot man that oozes sex . i enjoyed this quick read .
= fast paced suspense
< great read

> like the little heat and spiciness that this little tin of sardines has . goes very well ( heated ) with bread.the sardines were slightly on the small side but overall it makes a nice quick snack or meal !
= nice quick snack/meal with bread
< nice quick snack

> happy ending but it left the option open for a few more stories . jace , woods , grant , river , and even nan need to have their stories told .
= happy ending
< good ending

> really love me some alpha males ! little intense , but enjoyed this book lots , look forward to more , loved it lots
= great book
< love it

> this book was unbelievable . i had to stay up late to finish it and had to quickly buy book 2. buy this series
= amazing ish '
< wow

> detective sergeant sam holland has gotten bad publicity in a crack house shooting that killed a child . she is given a high profile case that concerns the grisly murder of a us senator . the senator 's chief of staff , nick cappuano , is her former lover , but yet she does not disclose this information since she feels she needs to solve this case to repair her reputation.at times the storyline almost seems to include as much about the former lovers as it does police work . one grows a bit weary of just about every page with descriptions of her licking her lips wishing she could run her fingers through his long dark hair and watching him move with more than professional interest . there are longing lips and tongues and passionate embraces throughout the investigation , accompanying every conversation and time sam and nick get near each other . they obviously had a tremendous one night stand 6 years ago to be lusting after each other all these years.at one point sam is threatened by the child 's mother that died in the crack house raid and it seems a bit unrealistic that the police force does not even put a guard on her house until someone is seen watching it . it is also stated that they have to wait 2 weeks to bury the senator in arlington national cemetery . senators and other high ranking public officials do not have to have the wait time that others do for burial . senator frank lautenberg died on a monday june 2014 , had services , then lay in state in the capitol rotunda and was buried that friday morning.despite all the irritations this is an engrossing mystery and one many will enjoy reading if they love mysteries and political machinations .
= politics and murder
< engrossing mystery

> i think the warnings about drug interactions should have no bearing on the product review . obviously , if you 're on a certain medication with known food interactions , you need to be cautious of certain foods . that should n't effect how we rate those products for the rest of the world . medication concerns aside , the drink is very fruity , and refreshing . it is a very nice alternative to plain fruit juice or soda , and far healthier since soda contains no nutrition whatsoever . this does taste very much like a fresh fruit juice spritzer with authentic flavor , not artificial in any way . it does n't have a `` canned '' taste as some fruit drinks in cans do . i would have liked it to be a tad sweeter , but accomplished that by adding a splash of fresh fruit juice or a flavored syrup such as torani . the flavor of the product itself is akin to an italian soda . i withheld one star because i thought the product straight from the can was a little overly `` fuzzy '' but fares well when poured over ice . for those trying the pomegranate flavor , be forewarned that this is a `` blend '' including other fruit juices , not straight pom . the flavor of pomegranate is still plentiful , but not like drinking it straight . overall , i think this would make a wonderful addition to the summer picnic cooler or to serve guests at a dinner party . served in glasses , rather than a can , it would make an impressive dinner beverage to accompany an elegant meal for guests . i would recommend it .
= pretty good , could be a little sweeter .
< very nice flavor , but not a good alternative to the summer picnic

> this is a review of the dragonfruit peach flavor.i 'm a big fan of tea and make my own tea several time a day . before receiving this , i knew that it would not be what any tea lover would consider `` tea '' , but more of a soft drink . that is exactly what it is and that is n't a bad thing . like many of the instant drinks that are designed to be dumped into a 500 ml . bottle and shaken , this is quite sweet . the first and strongest thing that hits you is the sweetness followed by a fruity flavor and then an extremely subtle hint of honey . i could n't really detect much tea flavor at all , but i believe it is in there adding something to the entire mix . i liked the flavor , but it has to be the sort of thing that you 're in the mood for and that you find enjoyable much like crystal light and mio water flavorings.it 's interesting to note that this is `` dragonfruit peach '' but no actual fruit appears in the ingredients list . i ca n't be sure , but i think the flavor is `` faked '' with hibiscus and malic acid ( which makes it tart , as the box says ) . this is n't a healthy drink nor really a tea drink . if that 's what you 're hoping for , then you wo n't want this . however , as a type of `` kool-aid '' for adults , it 's pretty good and i liked it .
= quite sweet , pleasantly fruity
< sweet and subtle

> simply put , this was a very entertaining movie.despite the movie running a little long for an intense , action movie , overall it was still very interesting and fun to watch because the pacing was so good . neither the action segments nor the lulls , the robot scenes or the soldier scenes nor the very low-key romance is overdone . it 's all in good proportion . it 's not an innocent based-on-a-comic character film but , frankly , what movie is nowadays ? there 's always some profanity and sexual innuendos that do n't belong in a `` kids '' movie made today . thankfully , that kind of stuff was a lot lower in content than the recent `` transformers '' film i viewed.the scenes with `` iron man '' a.k.a . `` tony stark '' ( robert downey jr. ) in his suit and demonstrating his spectacular skills were - no surprise - the most fun to watch . ( if you have a chance , catch this on blu-ray as the transfer is terrific ) . at the end of the film we get another robot , piloted by the corporate bad guy `` obadiah stane '' ( jeff bridges ) and that huge iron man-clone is fun to see , too.some complain the film is not really all that `` smart '' and it 's a bit too predictable , but it 's fun ride of escapism that offers a good two hours of diversion thanks to very good special-effects and mostly-likable characters . and ... ..it looks fantastic on blu-ray .
= very entertaining , & looks good on blu-ray
< a fun action movie

> the next time your little darlings wants to travel for spring break sit their little tokhes down to watch this movie , then have them write a 5 page report on human trafficking and guaranteed they will not want to leave their rooms until they are 30. you , as a parent , might not sleep for the next 20 years , but certainly , you will see the world from a different more paranoid perspective and will hold on to those little honeys with all your fingers and all your claws.liam neeson plays bryan mills a retired cia agent that has recently retired and moved to los angeles in hopes of building a better relationship with his daughter . ex-wife and daughter ambush and guilt bryan into signing the papers that will allow their daughter to leave the country and soon kim and her friend amanda are jetting off to paris only to be befriended by an albanian gang of human traffickers.the intensity is nonstop and the perils that both bryan and his daughter have to face leave your heart and stomach somewhere in the middle of your throat.this movie is not for the squeamish . there are brutal fight scenes and the subject matter might be too much for some to handle , but over all , this is a very good movie . liam neeson does a remarkable job in portraying both the professionally trained killer and the deeply loving and scared father.this is a movie not to be missed .
= not to be missed
< the next time

> what a nice , quick look into the lives of the gorgeous greg cage , his wife melissa and that cute little cohen . even with the length of this novella , harper sloan still socks us right in the gut with the angst.cage ( who is my favorite corps man ) is settling into family life and loving every minute of it . melissa is half way through her pregnancy and things are going well . cohen is ready to be a big brother while cage is ready to be a dad again . we get to hear from all the corps men and wives/girlfriends and of course sway . little cohen is quite the chatter box and has the best lines in the book while talking about cage 's & # 34 ; hardware & # 34 ; .greg cage is a protector , however he is now faced with a situation that is out of his control . his family is threatened and all the corps men can do is be supportive . we are now on a total roller coaster with cage and melissa and even little cohen gets a few pov chapters for a great twist.uncaged is a fantastic addition to the corps security series and solidified greg cage as my favorite , however i still do n't know maddox 's full story .
= just the man i knew he always was
< another great addition to the corps security series

> i 've never been a big coffee drinker and i rarely drink soda . i usually drink bottled water and unsweetened tea . i was hoping that i would like this water , as sometimes after my one cup of coffee i still do n't feel totally awake.at first i did n't taste any odd flavor in this water it just reminded me a little of mineral water . after the second drink i noticed a slight metallic and mineral aftertaste was left in my mouth . i did n't finish the water.i do n't think this tastes bad , but , i would say it could be an acquired taste . if you like mineral water you will probably like it.i did notice that the caffeine worked . i drank this not long before i decided to go to sleep for the night and i had trouble falling asleep . usually , coffee or tea never keeps me awake.i 'd drink it again for the energy , not for the flavor . though , i would n't go out of my way to purchase it .
= has a metallic aftertaste , but it does seem to give energy
< not for me

> for 25 years , libby day has avoided revisiting her memories of the horrendous night in which she heard someone murder her mother and sisters . it was her own testimony , as a 5 year old , that sent her older brother to prison for life . now libby is barely functioning as an independent adult . she desperately needs money , and agrees to consult with a club of murder groupies who believe her brother is innocent . it is n't long before everything she is forced to re-examine everything she knows is true . and it is with a gritty , cold , single-mindedness that libby forces herself to do what the cops did not - discover who really committed this mass murder.gillian flynn has woven a disturbing tapestry of secrets , lies , and misery that is true to its title . this is not a pretty story , but it is credible in its reflection of the hardscrabble conditions under which many people struggle . there are no happy endings here , not for anyone .
= desperation
< a disturbing tapestry of secrets , lies , and misery

> let me state upfront that i think the characters were pretty one-dimensional . amy is the career girl who could n't quite have it all . nick is the relatively weak ( lame ) thirty-something . go is the mysterious somewhat down-to-earth girl . and then there are the ozark meth heads and the celebrity lawyer named tanner . there is n't much special about any of them.what makes the story special , however , is flynn 's expert ability to play these relatively cliched characters off each other while laying clues that lead evolve in a terrific plot . the pacing is terrific , and the action slowly builds and then veers off -- several times -- in new and startling directions . it is amazing to witness flynn pull this off.i understand why some were angry about the ending . however , i will state ( without giving anything away ) that this ending felt more believable than some of the more outlandish endings in many current crime/literary thrillers . this is a book worth reading .
= expert plot saves cliched characters
< a book worth reading

> a beautiful effect-fest , this gives a stunning reality to the combat training in card 's original words ( which , i admit , i read so long ago they 've largely faded from mind ) . even if a lot of the action & # 34 ; just & # 34 ; simulations or war games , it has a reality to the players that comes through strongly.that said , there were some serious weaknesses in the rest of the movie . the acting was great , i have no problem there , but personality development tended toward the flat , rivalries never took on the edge i 'd expect in kids that age , and the whole justification for and morality of child soldiers seemed weak . hard situations demand hard choices , yes , but making those choices is hard , too , and that quieter kind of drama could have been more important.great action and convincing effects , but does n't live up to my hazy memory of the book 's emotional imapct. -- wiredweird
= great space-action flick
< stunning

> wooh ! i am so spent after this one . it is hot hot hot ! ! it is also beautiful and funny . justice drakes virility leaps off the page . he is lonely by choice , with a bunch of ridiculous rules to live by . he teaches socialite bimbos how to please their cheating husband sexually . well , he gets more than he bargains for in this class . a real woman , allyson . they are ripe with desire and both have reasons to deny it . it 's one of justices rules and allyson is married . this just sets up one sexy ride . you can not put the book down . you will laugh , swoon and shed a few tears . a sign of a really good writer is when you get sucked in from page one . i was a gonner from the first word . i was immersed in sex school 101 and living every minute of it ! !
= that is one wild ride
< i ! ! !

> this hard drive was very easy to hook up and start using . it is not a portable hard drive , but i really did n't need another portable hard drive . this hard drive it is going to be primarily for my macbook pro , but it is really easy to share on the network from my macbook so i will be using it for some of my larger pc back ups as well . although the speed across the network is slower than the direct thunderbolt connection.the hard drive is extremely fast . it is the fastest external hard drive i have seen that is not an ssd . i will comfortably be running virtual machines from it . it also runs quiet and cool.i have not used the backup software , and really do n't want a 1 year subscription to nero so i wo n't be using that either.all in all i think this drive is a great buy for the mac user ! ! !
= fast , fast , fast , fast , fast , fast , and fast ! ! ! ! !
< great drive !

> putting the boring stuff aside , i do n't remember the last time that i enjoyed a hollywood film in the theater as much as i enjoyed `` the departed '' i laughed out loud some 25 times at the behest of the direction that does n't wait for you . i know this film is 2hours 20minutes long but it is also very fast , fast enough to keep you interested . when i saw `` casino '' and `` goodfellas '' - i thought these were one time off films . the magic of the two films could not be recreated . i was wrong . the departed , somehow , recreates that delightfully fast feel and in ways undefined surpasses all expectations that a fan could possibly have from this film . this is a very intelligent film and resets standards for film making.leonardo dicaprio , quite effortlessly , owns the show . and believe me - you will love the climax .
= how did martin scorsese do this ? the year 's most entertaining film .
< a very intelligent film

> as with 50 shades and as many others have written , this is not a well-written book but it is fun to read nonetheless . i know that i came to really like christian and his wit ( and the banter between him and anastasia ) . so 50 shades darker continues the story from book one with a natural progression . there are a few twists and turns , a lot of repetition ( how many times can you have sex in a day ? ) and it lingers a little too much in some areas.but it was fun to read , easy to get through , and a great diversion from the day.not my favorite from the three book series but a necessity to get to book 3 .
= slows the story a bit but still fun to read
< fun read

> i like that the soda is made from fruit juice but it is misleading in that it is not all pomegranate , it also has apple , white grape , pineapple , lemon , cranberry and the last on the list is pomegranate . if you like a sweet soda you probably wo n't like this since it is very tart , i was surprised at how tart this was . it has a good fizz to it and is 80 calories per can , the cans are only 8.4 oz so it is smaller than other types but is refreshing . i would recommend this soda since it is a healthy alternative to other types of soda .
= a nice change
< tart and tart

> in this one , yoda fights.this is truly awesome.anakan is growing up.he goes to get his mom from slavery but shes been killed by these nasty little monsters.so he goes genocidal on them all.ben is tring to teach anakan but hes learning way faster than normal and is quite the showoff.the kids will like it.it is the last full length movie of the set.there is an animated short film after this part called clone wars.the last one is due out next summer.just anybody bwill like it.the chick is a young teen ans ends up being anakans girlfriend.i dont know what you heard but this is an all time great.the special effects are cool.this movie is a classic !
= the best of the star wars movies
< yoda is a classic !

> finally ! a manufacturer got one of these instant powder mixes to actually taste like what it is supposed to and not chemicals . you can actually taste the tea mixed with honey , peach and dragon fruit . although i do n't quite know exactly what dragon fruit is . each flavor blends together to make something yummy . this powder in a convenient package blends easily with in a normal bottle of water . i had to go back and read the ingredients again just to make sure there are no weird chemicals and ca n't find anything on there that ca n't be pronounced . i am going to buy more of these !
= actually tastes like real brewed tea !
< finally !

> like the other flavors of the switch , kiwi berry is sweetened with a mixture of fruit juice concentrates which can lend to it 's overly sweet taste . although this flavor was n't as sweet asthe switch watermelon strawberry , 8.3 ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) , for me it was n't as good asthe switch black cherry , 8.3 ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) .although i ca n't see buying this drink for myself , my kids do like it . i think the switch might be best billed as a healthy alternative to soda for kids mainly because the flavors are much more geared towards that age group .
= the switch kiwi berry
< not as good as the other flavors

> the deer off ii repellent with a battery powered sprayer is a great idea . it really does make it much easier to spray large areas . the deer off ii repellent targets the deer , squirrel and rabbit 's sense of smell and taste . i have a rather large flower garden which the deer seem to think was planted for them . the deer off repellent has effectively kept them away for several weeks . it does need to be sprayed after each rainfall , but with the battery powered sprayer , that is no problem .
= it really works !
< works well

> if you 're looking for a coffee that is kind to your stomach , you may wish to try this . i make decaf iced coffee each morning with almond milk , a tablespoon of cocoa and stevia for sweetener . this coffee is tasty , satisfying and smells good . i love hazelnut and french vanilla coffee so will be exploring any flavored coffees this company makes , along with this french roast . i enjoyed it as a base for my daily iced coffee . what a great idea to design a low-acid coffee !
= great low acid french roast coffee
< tasty , satisfying coffee

> this is a story of one person 's incredibly horrible childhood , but like angela 's ashes , has hope . it 's bleak , so much so that you 'll cringe in points . but there is good in people , and the directness of the tone does n't soften the circumstances but lets you make your own conclusions about whether people are & # 34 ; good & # 34 ; or & # 34 ; bad. & # 34 ;
= amazing memoir
< a story of childhood

> i really enjoyed this book and was very happy with both the aidan and emma and the plot . i did wait to read this book until the proposal came out so that i was not left with the cliffhanger ending everyone was lamenting about . i enjoyed this book and was really happy with it . i read it in one evening and kept reading even though i should have been doing some other things . i would highly recommend it .
= really liked it .
< great book

> i admit i was concerned that a lot of the baby food would be wasted in the packaging . it does n't look like you 'd be able to get everything out of it . i was pleasantly surprised to find out i was wrong . it 's very simple to squeeze out the entire package . i also love that it 's not a glass package . very convenient to toss into a diaper bag .
= great taste . convenient packaging .
< very simple

> this banana boat sport sunscreen has protected our family from getting burnt while we stay active ( swim , hike , etc . ) it is a thinner lotion so it goes on super easy ( but i think i may use more because it is thinner ) . unfortunately the smell is very strong , ( too strong for me ) . i will be looking for a sunscreen without fragrance next time .
= effective protection , but strong smell
< strong smell , strong smell

> simple . . . easy . . . . no harsh chemicals . . . . and they work . just wet them , and you 're ready to go . i 've used the bottles of `` spray stuff '' and it 's much more expensive and does n't to a better job . . . so i 'm quite happy with this item .
= great item at the right price
< simple

> these , as well as the apple cinnamon flavor from back to nature , are really good . sometimes a little change up is good . what they do with their crackers is add some subtle flavor so that you do n't lose the graham flavor . and they do it very well . nice texture also , crispy/crunchy . definitely worth a try .
= nice cracker !
< good flavor

> this has got to be the most comfortable t shirt i have ever owned . it is awesome . it is very light weight and again it is duper comfortable . it is great for active guys . it features moisture wicking and is made from some type if bamboo material . i will definetly have to get some more of these t- shirts .
= awesome .
< love it !

> while others may disagree , my experience is that batteries are pretty much batteries . for the price , this is a good deal and being able to use them right out of the box without having to charge them up for 8-10 hours was a big help .
= good price , good product
< good for the price

> recommending to anyone who wants to read a very adrenaline pumping story that has sweetness , hate , pain , sex of different varieties ( nothing outrageous or disgusting that i can remember ) , and love ... the real deep inside kind of love .
= exciting breathtaking suspenseful and worth the experience
< a great read

> got this for my wife . she said that it was quite gentle to the skin as there were guards to protect the skin . the blades were also curve sensing and cuts close to the skin without cutting into the skin .
= gentle to skin
< wife says it was gentle

> she should not have run off . she should have given him a chance to know his daughter . it seemed like she was thinking about herself and not the daughter . but it was a good read .
= craving constellations
< good read

> emma wants a baby , she needs a sperm donor and strikes a deal with the company player who desperately wants to sleep with her ... feelings that are n't wanted or expected make things complicated
= can a player change ?
< good read

> people are coming back from the dead ! they 're killing in the streets , in the alleyways , in the lawns ! but all shaun cares about his his romance troubles -- his girlfriend is breaking up with him . and when he finally gets attacked by the zombies , he and his slacker roommate decide that they must save her -- and shaun 's mother ( though they seem delighted at the prospect of killing shaun 's step-father ) . what ensues is horrifying , scary , shocking -- and absolutely hilarious.this movie is extremely well acted ; it 's been a long time since i 've seen this good of comic-timing in a movie . and it 's also disturbing and even scary ; i shivered several times , and was on the edge of my seat the entire 90+ minutes . and i was laughing the whole time ; it 's unusual , to be scared and laughing at the same time.there 's also a bonus aspect of this movie : it serves as a great social commentary . lots can be said about the first fifteen or twenty minutes of the film , as shaun ambles about the city , oblivious of the world slowly falling apart around him ; and then , when he is forced to face the zombies , how he insists upon dealing with mundane things ... for example , when he hits a man with his car , he backs up to see if the man is alright . when the guy turns out to be a zombie , shaun sighs and says , `` well , that 's alright then. '' hilarious . `` shaun of the dead '' is one of those flicks you can watch again and again , because it 's that good . superb acting , clever writing , an intriguing plot , and genuine laughs and thrills ... lots of movies aspire to be like this ( and lots are accidently ) , but `` shaun of the dead '' sets the bar .
= hilarious , scary ... defines `` horror-comedy '' !
< shaun of the dead

> the playtex sport body wipes are great for when the kids have a sporting event or spend a long day at the beach or playground ... .also works well for adults . my wife loves them . i 'm not such a big fan , but i will explain later . my wife is a big fan of wipes in general , and when i got these she was thrilled . now she could give the kids a virtual sponge bath anytime she wished . my son is n't thrilled because he does n't like the smell , and i have to agree . it does n't smell like medicine , but still , not something i would use unless i really had to ( remember , this is made for women ) . the women love it , and both my wife and daughter think it smells fine . no irritations/reactions . they are easily stored in my wife 's purse , car , or just about anywhere ... ... so , why am i not a big fan ... ..the whole idea of these being flushable is , well , technically true . remember , however , that almost anything that fits in your toilet is flushable ... .but not clogging up is another story . 2 clogged toilets so far . these do n't really break down the way toilet paper does , and i suspect this will cause more problems ... .so , new rule , no more flushing `` flushable '' wipes down the toilet . in all fairness , one of the toilets is older , but the other is a new kohler that has never clogged until now . so , one star reduction . since most of these are going to be used in a park or beach or somewhere that may not create a problem , i only brought it down to 4 stars ... .it 's still a good product , and my wife loves it .
= works well ... .not sure about flushable !
< great for kids , and my wife loves it .

> jane 's melody begins when jane loses her daughter . she does n't know how to move forward now , until one day she sees a man whose a whole lot younger than her at her daughter 's grave . she thinks that this man might have known her daughter , or may have even been her boyfriend . so she tries to track him down and finds out he 's homeless and has gotten hurt . she takes him in to give him a place to stay and work for her until he can get enough money to go to austin . the thing is she thinks that he knows things about her daughter that she did n't . and on top of that she feels guilty because of this attraction she has for him . so she does her best to hide it , but when sparks fly its hard to resist . as the story continues we learn what it was like for jane to grow up , to take care of her daughter then losing her . and how she 's doing what ever she can to continue her life even though she does n't know how.all through the book you feel a huge sadness for jane . but sometimes i felt slightly annoyed with her when it came to the man she fell for . other than that i liked the book . it was really interesting and very emotional . it sort of threw me for a loop towards the end though i actually did n't even predict that would happen , and it made it even sadder . but the story was very interesting and very well written . so overall it was very enjoyable book to read , slightly sad but still enjoyable.more reviews at shooting stars reviews , [ ... ]
= sad , but enjoyable .
< interesting , but not great

> i have been taking eye support supplements for quite some time , though this was the first time i had tried the version manufactured by jarrow formulas . that said , i 'm a big fan of jarrow , having tried more than a dozen of their supplements over the past couple of years . i have regularly taken one jarrow product -- with great results -- for several years , and i know that their products are generally high quality and effective.i immediately noticed that these supplements differed from the ones i had been taken ( a pretty expensive `` designer '' brand available exclusively online ) . the formula i had been taking included 4mg of zeaxanthin and 10mg lutein . the jarrow version i tried instead offers 20mg of lutein and only 1mg of zeaxanthin . i 'm not an expert when it comes to the effectiveness of specific vitamins and minerals , but i wondered if this significant difference would impact my eye strain.after more than two weeks on the jarrow formulas supplement , which is easier to taken and less expensive than the designer brand i had been purchasing , i can honestly tell no difference . working as i do in an office environment , in front of a computer , five days a week , i suffer from regular eye strain and occasional blurry vision . i need a regular eye support supplement , and i am so far very impressed with this product from jarrow . i see no reason why i could not save some money and purchase this instead of a slightly different formula that works just as well . all in all , this is recommended .
= works as well as my more expensive formula
< great product , but not a miracle

> a long film about `` italian '' crime in new york in the 1950-1980 period , and a good one at that . it shows the brutality and the extreme male chauvinism of these gangsters who are ready to sell anything , steal anything , kill anyone in order to make money , and as for killing , to satisfy their insatiable thirst for blood , to satisfy their unquenchable hunger for violence . it also shows , rather on the side because it is not the main object , how justice and before it the police are managing their gang-spirit , splitting their unity and getting the weaker ones to become protected witnesses , and it works : these criminals prefer being hidden away by the justice department for decades rather than going away in prison for even longer periods of time . the film is well done : robert de niro and joe pesci are quite acceptable . ray liotta on the other hand appears slightly weak when confronted to the other two , and he has to be since he is the side-kick , and an essential one at that , of both of them . one shortcoming though : even if the police managed to more or less bring the italians back in line , the film is absolutely silent about the fact that the various traffics and particularly drugs were then abandoned to another mafia , probably even more dangerous , i.e . the blacks and the porto ricans and other latinos.dr jacques coulardeau , university paris dauphine , university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne & university versailles saint quentin en yvelines
= a lot of empathy but maybe slightly too long
< the ultimate of the italian

> if i had to pick one word to describe this flashlight ( which takes 4 d cell batteries ) it would be heavy ( as other reviewers have mentioned this is a heavy flashlight- about 3-4 lbs ) . if i had to pick two words the second word would be bright . ( and yes they would be in all caps . ) this light is so powerful it will completely light up a backyard ( 75ft x 75ft ) in the middle of the night on the low power setting ! it is well balanced so it is n't too difficult to maneuver , but when you want to turn it from high power to low , or to strobe ( this is an interesting function- but i would n't recommend it if you have seizures- it would be overwhelming ) or even to change the focus from floodlight to spotlight you definitely need two hands . the carrying strap definitely makes hauling this flashlight around easier- but it is a tiny bit tricky to assemble . overall i would highly recommend this flashlight it has decent battery life- 10 hours on low power and about 4 hours on high power ( so if you are going somewhere you think you are going to need it a lot bring extra batteries ) . it comes in a sturdy , foam padded carrying case to protect it- which also makes storing this easier as it is huge- definitely over a foot long .
= heavy , but good .
< a flashlight for the price

> i was enchanted with `` wall-e '' from the beginning . i kind of have a thing for cute little robots , and this little bucket o ' rust is as cute as they come . which i suppose suggests this is a little kid movie , but instead i found a riveting piece of art of the same quality as last year 's fabulous `` ratatouille '' .the animation is stellar , and i could not help but like the infusions of live-action . where else does one find outer space done with such vividity , and such playful cartooniness put on its characters ? it 's fantastic.however , what really gets me about this movie is the heart . its leading couple may be pieces of metal , but their story is a romance for the ages , one that does not worry about details but only pure and simple love.some may consider the environmentalism bit a little heavy-handed ; i happen to believe that depends on how one feels about environmetalism ; i did n't mind it . more than blatant environmentalism , i feel this is a story of hope . `` wall-e '' is a fantastic piece of art that packs a childlike sense of innocence . i hope this will become a classic . it deserves it .
= proper romance and a little environmentalism
< a classic

> i thought that this movie was pretty good . i actually thought that kristen stewart did a good job as snow white . i thought that the story was not bad . just did n't imagine snow white as an action adventure story . but it worked out well . the fairy land scenery was amazing it was magestic . and i thought chris hemsworth did a good job as the huntsman . i thought that they explored a little more with that character . usually he is the one to go kill her and sets her free then you do n't see him anymore . and charlize theron was an outstanding evil queen she scared me a little she was realistic about her character . and i loved the costumes . the movie was really good . and they kept pretty much true to the story . i did n't like the dwarves as much i do n't think they really focused on them that they just threw them in . because it would not be a snow white movie without them . they were okay . i 've seen better versions of them mainly the disney version and the mirror mirror version . this was a awesome movie . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
= snow white and the huntsman
< pretty good

> the exorcist succeeds on every level . this film should have swept the oscars . the acting , and direction was beyond top rate , william freidkin coaxed masterful performances from all of his actors . it works because we believe in regan and her actress mom , they are real people like us , as is father karras and everyone else involved . we are seeing ourselves on the big screen . what happens to these people is the most terrifying thing that can happen to anyone , especially parents . what do you do when your kid is losing her sanity ? you start to question yours as your world slowly falls apart , and no one can help , especially not doctors and head shrinks . but demonic possession ? is it real ? who really knows . but regan 's mother is desperate for any solution . and then the film begins to terrorize , to turn into the darkest nightmares . this film chilled audiences in the 70 's to the bone , and i can see why . freidkin uses subliminal images , and horrifying make up to tell a tale of demonic possession that strikes a raw nerve . highly recommended .
= exorcist
< the exorcist succeeds on the bone

> bella jewel continues her & # 8220 ; biker erotica & # 8221 ; series with ciara and spike & # 8217 ; s story . i love these two characters . once again , we have a seemingly tough chick who in reality is hiding behind a ton of pain and heartbreak . and spike , he can & # 8217 ; t forgive himself for a horrible tragedy that ties him to ciara forever . these two are drawn together but can & # 8217 ; t get past their mutual hostility.the author continues her winning streak in this series with more absolutely scorching sex scenes , with a kinky twist ! i stayed up all night reading heaven & # 8217 ; s sinners because the two main characters are so damaged , i couldn & # 8217 ; t wait to read the conclusion of their story . i absolutely loved this book and couldn & # 8217 ; t get enough of the steamy scenes between spike and ciara . this book is a quick and super-hot story , with a lot of heart . can & # 8217 ; t wait for more stories in this series .
= 4 1/2 scorching stars !
< bella jewel continues her night !

> this is my first read by this author , and i picked it up because of the high ratings . overall i liked the premise of the plot , and i really enjoy stories where 2 lost souls come together and heal themselves and each other . layton , what a sweetheart ; he suffered so much , and had a sensitive nature- he needed to love and receive love and devotion in return . whitley moved away from her family to be with her first love , only to find that he was not the man she had grown to love . domestic abuse is an extremely sensitive subject that occurs more than we know . with all of these factors weighing in , i was surprised that i did n't connect with the characters more . that is what prevented me from scoring higher . also felt that the intimacy was a little over the top . i connected more with courtney and reed ; i noticed that their book is next for spring 2014 , i 'm looking forward to reading it .
= 3.5 love can always heal a broken heart .
< a little over the top

> wow , the negative reviews on here are pretty vicious . maybe those folks are just angry that the star wars series have declined into clunky stories and bad acting with great special effects . i did n't like episode i and blew off episode ii until it showed up on hbo . maybe i 'd be furious if i saw it in a theatre as well -- like lucy had pulled the football away again -- but then i just switch channels and look for something like star trek ii : wrath of khan . character , character , character.the best thing i 've read about attack of the clones was in the onion news : & quot ; most of it 's like watching c-span from another planet. & quot ; dead on , dude.knowing where everything is going is not enough to breath life into these movies . it needs some twists , it needs some real live characters , and it needs story-driven action instead of just video game set-pieces .
= ca n't we all just get along ?
< the negative reviews of khan

> i do n't think i was really prepared for these little crazy crunchballs . they are about the size of marbles and pack a huge crunch . the initial flavor is cinnamon but then as you chew , you get the strong dried apple flavor . it is a very satisfying snack with a very short ingredients list : organic apples , organic apple juice concentrate , organic potato starch , organic cinnamon.there are 4 servings per bag and each serving is 60 calories . i grabbed the bag when i was really hungry and ate about half - that was a lot of crunchballs - and feel very happy to have enjoyed so much flavor and crunch for only 120 calories ( and it took a while to eat all that ) .this is definitely something i 'll have around the house . note that my 5 year old did n't like them.it does note that it is packaged in a facility that processes , nuts , dairy , wheat , and soy .
= super crunch , strong dried apple flavor
< very tasty and very satisfying

> this movie is & quot ; empty & quot ; , like the great majority of spielberg 's films . ( the only exception being & quot ; schindler 's list ) he is always sentimental , defending the so-called & quot ; american way of life & quot ; . he 's a false sentimental man . in this movie , the battle sequences are the best ever made . it showed naive people ( because i think few people needed to see this movie to know that war is hell ) how it was , using sheds of blood . but the plot ... it 's ridiculous , extremely patriotic ( it had to have an american flag in the end ... ) , but the actor really look like soldiers . in general , much better than his last & quot ; bomb & quot ; , & quot ; lost world & quot ; .
= great action sequences , but ...
< & quot ; & quot ; & quot ;

> we had the old dlink dri-825 where we were using the n network . the upgrade installation for all our existing n net work devices was easy ( tech experience required ) that included 2 wireless bridges ( dap-1522 ) and the base unit . on the newer version , by tapping the wps button , we were able to reconnect to the newer dap -1522 wireless bridge instantaneously , but with the older dap 1522 , required a firmware update to version 1.40.nice new feature is that the dlink allows for 2 guest networks , one for 2.40 ghz and one for 5ghz ( versus the old one only allowed for one guest network ) .we will update more once we get a 802.11 ac adaptor to test the ac speed . cool technology for the home.still offers ab and g network compatibility , so your older devices will still work !
= great update but still compatible for older network devices .
< works great for the price

> i wish we could give 2.5 stars because that would be my official rating . this book had potential but then i realized this book was all woe is me and rehashing the same emotions over and over . this book was one long drawn out emotion of feeling sorry for themselves and everybody let me down even though it was n't intentional and now i 'm going to end things because its just to hard and it 's better to leave than be hurt . i almost do n't want to buy the second book if all it will talk about is the connection between olivia and alexander and not the real subject of what is on the documents and where is it . ugh ! ! ! ! !
= had potential
< i wish i wish it was a book that was all woe

> whether attributed to the placebo effect or to the clearing up the mind and even helping relax the mind , it works . i feel better using magmind , something noticeable.there is no doubt these pills assist in better sleep . further , no placebo is likely to have this effect on me.i 'm not bothered that the fda has n't determined whether the active ingredient in fact helps the brain in the way i hope . the only way to get fda results in anything resembling reasonable time is to pay enormous fees for expedited studies . only the biggest corporations can pay for that service.again , this is just based on my experience that this supplement works .
= worked for me
< works well , but no placebo

> i really enjoyed this one . thankfully this was n't about a contract but an agreement . jack was arrogant and totally sweet . i did n't agree with some of the things he did like not telling ( paige ) his real name but overall he was a really sweet character . i wish that we could have have had more insight to who he is though . whats his history and what made him the way he is ? overall this was a easy book for me to get into and i enjoyed the writing style . i have to say that i am glad that i have the next book already to see what happens next .
= very good
< great book

> this numi cardamon pu'erh tea is really quite wonderful . a nice strong tea with a hint of cardamon to give your tea that little something that it would need especially if you do n't use sugar or milk . i tend to drink my teas pure without the added extras and like it strong so this is going to be a nice addition to my collection . i have seen the numi brand for some time now but have n't had the courage to try it til now and i am amazingly surprised and much happier for the new find . for the real tea drinker this is a must have .
= another great tea !
< wonderful tea

> i really loved this book . the story is well written , the characters are complex , interesting and believable . there are no editing problems . the plot revolves around the characters and their relationships , but it was still interesting and kept my attention until the end . the adult characters were well developed , but i especially enjoyed the 14 yr old daughter ( having one myself , i found the characterization right on the mark ) . the development of the relationship between michael and jenna was wonderful , two opposite personalities that find they complement each other perfectly . i recommend this book.heat factor hot .
= excellent contemporary romance
< great story

> made at the peak of his career in 1960 , `` psycho '' was suspense master hitchcock 's last and most famous black-and-white picture -- and a film that inaugurated the sub-genre of slasher movie . by the standards of today 's gore-fests , it 's a fairly restrained murder mystery , but disturbing nonetheless , achieving its chills more by what is withheld than shown . hitchcock knows just how to heighten our dread of who or what might be at the top of the stairs , or beyond that shower curtain . the terrifying `` psycho '' stands above most any psychological thriller made since .
= psycho
< the best of the year

> my little furry friend is crazy for these jerky snacks . they look like a long thin sausage and smell smoky and meaty ( not like some snacks that take your breath away because they smell so bad ) . the ingredient list is short and clearly shows chicken and sweet potato . these are harder and will allow your dog some chew time too . there is also a guide on the back that shows how many treats your dog should have in a day based on her weight . i think they should do that for people food too ... .
= my dog is crazy for these
< my dog loves them

> it is winter season and when it come to choosing starbucks coffee most will go for gimgerbread or other holiday flavors . but this thanksgiving season , i have tried vanilla flavored starbucks ground coffee and it is nice way to start one 's day . it is not too bold of a flavor and sweetness is not overwhelming . the fact that coffee was already ground speeds up the process of making a morning drink . the fresh taste stay long after cup is finished . i had mine with soy milk and i really enjoyed it .
= sweet vanilla
< a nice way to start starbucks coffee

> i 'm pissed at the cover for this book . the book was freaking rock n roll amazing and the cover did it no justice . you know how many times i passed on this book just because of the cover , it give me creeps . but damn i 'm glad i made the purchased , the story was really good love david and ev together , ca n't wait to read more about the band definitely recommend this one .
= hate the cover , but love the story & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ; & # 11088 ;
< omg

> even the most finnicky eater seems to really enjoy these doggie dinners . since i have n't tasted them , i can only extrapolate by the dog 's enthusiasm that this a tasty dog food.one of the dogs who chowed down on this is a non-discriminating glutton-but even she seemed to like it better . ( although with her , how can you tell ? ) great to find it here-thanks amazon !
= wonderful doggie treats
< great for dogs

> ember is an amazingily special soul ... she is wonderful . trace a man that has endured way to mch pain in his lifetime . together these two make for a very special story . it is a romance , thriller , angsty story all rolled into one amazing story . it is very well written . i would give it more stars if possible !
= wonderful story !
< ember is an amazingily special story !

> this cereal was very tasty . after adding milk , the fruit turned back into real fruit ( vs dehydrated ) . there are lots of raspberries , strawberries and blackberries . the only bad thing is i ate the whole box in one sitting .
= delicious
< tasty

> this book was amazing ! ! ! ! i ca n't believe how much action was in it . i could n't stop reading it . finished in a day ! ! ! hope there 's another book .
= raw
< wow ! ! ! !

> the first chapter so this book was great ! i liked how she was i do n't care who you are , who are no one to me so back off ! ! great book !
= a great ride in this book , never know where it turns !
< loved it !

> i enjoyed this movie , mainly because even through all the twisted violence and insane action it truly was a story of the human condition , and we won . very entertaining .
= the dark knight
< a great movie

> for me i read most headlines of reviews to determine what to think . this book was sooooo worth reading . amazing is the only word .
= read and draw your own conclusion
< amazing

> i enjoyed the second book in the series , as always christian grey intrigues and anna is just anna . on to the next book
= glued to the book
< good book

> well , with amazon closing in on 3000 reviews of `` harry potter and the deathly hallows '' , what more can this humble reviewer add ? not much , i think . i 'll just report that i was a latecomer to the literary incarnation of harry . that is , i am someone who enjoyed the first five movies but had n't read the books . so i decided to finally dive into the novels- at least the final ones- before harry mania subsided.having made that decision , i listened to `` harry potter and the half blood prince '' in audiobook form ( 17 cd 's , unabridged ) and really liked it , then did the hard work and bought and read the hardback of `` harry potter and the deathly hallows '' . and that i liked even more . so , fear not , fellow newbies out there , if you 've just seen the movies , it 's really easy to get into the last two books.in fact , if you 're like me , you 'll not only have no trouble getting into these last tales , but probably lament the fact that you did n't read the earlier ones . the books have so many more supporting characters , little details , engaging subplots , plot twists , etc. , than the movies do , and they 're more emotionally complex , too . what is truly amazing , however , is that ms. rowling piles on those things i just mentioned and yet still maintains a lightning pace that keeps the pages turning.so , bravo , ms. rowling , for a truly great saga . i 'm still looking forward to the remaining movies , but i 'm supremely glad i experienced the last two stories , especially `` deathly hallows '' , in their original form first .
= it 's not too late to climb aboard
< harry potter and the half hallows

> i 've had an interest in the channel islands for the last couple years now . i was probably one of the few people in north america to notice when , earlier this year , sark strode boldly into the 16th century and abolished the feudal system.that interest is the only reason i wound up getting this book , and what a treat it turned out to be ! this was a very sweet , entertaining little book . a quick read , as it 's entirely in the format of letters and telegrams , and therefore has lots of empty space . but it packs a lot into the space it uses . i felt like i really got to know the characters and wanted to spend more time with them.it was also a sobbering look at a part of world war ii history i 'd previously been ignorant of . i had known the germans occupied the channel islands , but i did n't really know any of the details of the occupation . if it is anything like how it was shown in the book , it was a messy affair indeed.i 've not read anything else by these two authors , but i 'm happy that i stumbled upon this book and i 'll certainly look into reading other books by them . i see on the product page that one of the authors died earlier this year . that adds perhaps an extra bittersweet touch to this story . well , if she wrote anything else before that sad event , i 'll see about seeking it out and reading it , and that 's about the best compliment i can think of to give a writer .
= now i want to visit guernsey !
< sweet , entertaining , and a little messy

> sure , setup on this tp link 3500 is fast and easy , but then , that could be said of most routers out there . the dual band and usb port on this one is a nice touch , but truthfully , i 'll never make use of a usb port on my router , so that one is pretty meaningless to me . what 's sorely lacking from this mid-range router , is any sort of meaningful firewall . what little protection is there can barely be tweaked , and it all leaves me feeling like my computers are needlessly exposed to outside threats which could easily pass through this flimsily scant firewall . sure , we all have software based firewalls enabled on our computers , but that does n't mean we should blissfully forego hardware based firewalls , which arguably , do more to protect our systems than any software based firewall ever could.this is a perfectly good budget router . the speeds are fast enough , the range is decent , but the rest is solidly underwhelming . whether you buy tp-link or another reputable brand , do yourself a favor and spend a couple extra bucks on a router with a more robust firewall and offers full control of these important features.bottom line : it 's just ah'ight . the price is right , but you can do better for not much more cash . this one 's going in the garage , to be used in the event that my current router dies and i need a temporary fix while i find a worthy replacement .
= solidly mediocre
< good budget router

> i really do n't understand the overall high rating for this book ( 4.5 stars today ) . it just did n't do it for me . i wanted to like it but just could n't . i love a good alpha male , but i , at no time , swooned over jesse . and ava has done nothing but annoy me throughout the entire 2 books . i do n't think i could even imagine more obnoxious and juvenile characters . the temper tantrums , whining , and demands . they reminded me of a couple of kids . it got really old , fast . jesse made demands , ava did n't follow , they fought , then f***ed . over and over and over . other than that , very little took place in this series so far that held my attention . there was no great plot unfolding , etc . i found it really hard to even finish this book . i wo n't be reading any more out of this series . i found it to be overly repetitious with phrases ( ish , lets make friends , mouth , i need you , etc ) it just got old fast . so i guess , overall , i can only refer to this story as annoying/obnoxious/immature . definately not one i would recommend.how much did i pay for this book : $ 5.69was it worth this price : nowould i recommend : nowill i read more in this series : no , 2 books in this series was more than enough
= immature/obnoxious characters - had to make myself finish this book
< not what i expected

> this seagate drive is perfect for those looking for external storage without a lot of bells and whistles . the case is a basic black plastic , and other than a power light to show it is on , there 's little more than that to the external design . it 's usb 3.0 compatible , but is also backwards compatible with usb 2.0 , with the cable included in the box . set up is ultra simple , you just plug it in and the computer recognizes the new hardware . it shows up as a new mass storage device and is assigned a drive letter by your computer . from there you can add files to it the same way you would anything else , the easiest being drag-and-drop or copy-and-paste . there 's no included software to walk you through transferring files , which i 'm fine with , since i would rather have the space on the drive free for storage . i find it runs almost completely silent , and is remarkably small and light weigh for being 1tb in size . it 's listed as compatible with windows vista and windows 7 ( and i 've used it on both operating systems without any issues ) , but there 's no mention yet of how it will work with windows 8. so if you 're looking for a simple , no-fills portable/external hard drive , that runs virtually silent , this seagate drive is a great option .
= small , simple and works
< great for external storage

> the second book in the chaos series featuring hop kincaid and lanie heron . both characters have featured in previous books motorcycle man ( the dream man series ) and own the wind ( chaos ) .right at the beginning hop and lanie are centre stage and that 's one thing i loved about this story it keeps it 's focus on the main attraction . the two leads have a rather rocky relationship mostly due to lanie 's issues regarding the death of her fianc & eacute ; who was murdered by the russian mob , lanie was shot as well . but that was eight years ago and she has still not come to terms with what happened.i 've given this book four stars but it is more like a three and a half for me . i just felt the plot has too many similarities to previous stories . hop was very much like tack , i liked him even if i did n't quite get everything he said . lanie , honestly i was not so keen on . she blew too hot and cold for me . the two kept their relationship a secret from everyone , but especially from tack and ty ty . why ? the sex scenes were hot and plentiful , and this a good addition to the series . but this is no way as good as ka 's earlier stories such as sweet dreams or the golden dynastyarc courtesy of netgalley
= chaos 2
< a good addition to the series

> when i was given this book , i actually knew very little about it . the book jacket was n't very helpful , mentioning only a boy , a tiger and the vast pacific ocean . it almost hints at a light tale of adventure , but like the ocean , it is deeper than it seems at the surface.this is the story of pi , an indian teenager who , while emigrating from india to canada with his family , winds up being the sole human survivor when the ship sinks . the emphasis is on & quot ; human & quot ; as he winds up sharing his lifeboat with a tiger , orangutan , hyena and zebra , a small menagerie from the ship 's holds who were to be transported to various zoos . nature takes its course until only the tiger is left , and pi is forced to form an uneasy alliance with the cat . there is little that is sentimental in this relationship and no sweet friendship ; the tiger remains a dangerous carnivore and never cute or cuddly.this has most of what you would want in a story : humor , suspense , adventure , and mystery . add to this , a healthy portion of theology and a good serving of horror and this is a complete literary meal , both tasty and with the recommended daily allowance of quality .
= captivating
< a tasty , healthy read

> it is a perfect , picturesque village situated in a peaceful valley . children run and play , men and women spend the day laughing and telling jokes . but no one is to leave the village , into the forest . for in the forest , bad things lurk.something has happened , though . animals , dying . skinned . marks on the doors , in red -- the forbidden color . something is happening in the forest ... but the biggest dangers , and the most forboding secrets , lie within the village itself ... m. night shyamalan has written and directed another intimidating thriller . though it lacks a certain quality present in & quot ; sixth sense & quot ; and & quot ; signs , & quot ; it is still rivetting and engrossing ( note the five-star rating ) . joaquin phoenix , bryce dallas howard , william hurt , siguorney weaver , bredan gleeson , and adrien brody give the performances of their careers ... not one role is wasted or ill-acted . aside from the suspense , of course , it is the acting that carries this film.this is a top-notch thriller by modern-master m. night shyamalan . with superb acting and an intense delivery , how could you not want to see this film ? be brave . see it . just do n't scream too loudly , okay ?
= shyamalan scores again !
< the forest

> i was being a little brave to give norton av another try . i 've been a computer pro for a long time ( sadly too long as evidenced by the numbers describing my birthdays these days lol ) , and in the past i had a lot of trouble with norton av . at one time i used to call it the `` norton anti-virus virus '' , because it routinely caused more issues than the viruses it promised to protect against.however , this release has so far not caused me any grief like that . it seems to be safely tucked out of the way of interfering with the things i need to conventionally do with my computer , while providing the virus protection we all need these days.i ca n't speak to the mobile device protection . i have n't tried that and am not likely to . i do n't do anything at all with my mobile devices that have any chance to cause problems , so it just is n't worth it ( to me ) to go that extra mile to try it out in that manner .
= big improvement over past norton software
< norton anti-virus virus

> i started this book and realized pretty quickly that i did not like any of the people in it . i almost stopped after page 40 something because it just seemed so incredibly dark . i am very glad i kept going . this is a great read . the characters are compelling ( sort of like watching a major train wreck ) and the author does a good job of escalating suspense throughout the book . the writing seems so effortless , and unlike some of the other reviewers i enjoyed her time and perspective shifts . i felt that they added to the tension and kept things going at just the perfect edge of your seat , grind your teeth pace . i wo n't spoil the ending , suffice it to say that i did n't see it coming and even though i 'm still not sure if i like libby day , i understand her a whole lot better . this book is probably not for everyone , but if you have a taste for midwestern crime , this one is particulary sinister .
= this is the best novel i almost never read
< great read

> yeah , i know this is a low-grade simple story , one of those action flicks that oozes with too much testosterone ... ..but so what. ? every once in a while , it 's a nice release to sit back and get lost in a scary movie set in the jungle . i do n't know anyone who ever dozed asleep watching this , so it 's not all bad . it 's actually a fun movie.despite the moronic and unlikeable characters who uttered some stupid dialog , the movie gets you very involved and is one of the better pure-action movies i 've ever seen . the jungle scenery is outstanding to view on dvd . this is a pretty movie for such low-grade material , story-wise . i watched it a second time just for the visuals.speaking of visuals , it 's disappointing that the blu-ray transfer is so poor ... at least according to most of the reviewers here , whom i believe . i would have gladly upgraded but now i 'm a little leery of doing that .
= pure escapism
< i know this is a fun movie

> the big screen was blessed this year with two superlative comic book adaptations , `` iron man '' and `` the dark knight '' . what 's not to like about `` iron man '' ? good acting , characters that are full bodied and make sense , good visual effects and edge-of-your-seat action . what 's my reservation about the flick ? it feels like an incomplete film . it seems like it 's mostly exposition . by the time the flick really heats up it 's over . it 's like the makers of the `` iron man '' were so confident in it 's success that they 're setting you up for the sequel which , now with the film 's success , is inevitable . i might elevate this film to five stars if the sequel 's any good .
= iron man-chapter one
< the big screen

> omg where do i start ... .i purchased captive in the dark a while back after reading great things about it on a facebook page . i was n't sure about the story line of this book so it took me a while to read it . i am so glad i did , i could n't put it down and the way it ended i had to read seduced ... .its story pulls at every heart string and it keeps you guessing what 's going to happen . it is full on in so many levels and it makes a fantastic story . kitten , how precious she is . caleb such a wreck . it makes your mind question each and every thing that happens . i loved this book and am looking for my by this author now .
= one of the best books i 've read !
< i

> i loved this book ! it reminded me a lot of the hunger games , so much so that i looked the publication dates of both books up to see if graceling was a `` rip-off '' of the hunger games . graceling came out less than one month after the hunger games , therefore i have concluded that the similarities are coincidental.if you liked the hunger games , you will like graceling too . it is an excellent read and i 'm looking forward to reading more from kristin cashore ! just one gripe : katsa 's refusal to commit.the best thing about this book : the originality.appropriate for a younger audience : yes , although there are a couple of pg-13 scenes .
= a standout in the world of ya fantasy
< excellent book !

> nice big production , good story but could have been better , like how about adding some footage about the alien invasion ... allwe see is some flashbacks and some pretty quick scenes ... . so then were stuck with the storyline which is pretty good due tothe acting of all ... now instead of seeing young actors and actresses acting their ages with stupid scripts and jokes ... we haveyoung people in training and this movie captures the real vibes of training and associated characters . this helps the storyline , butby the end of the movie which is satistying enough ... i feel that things could have been added to change this movie from agood movie to a great movie ... .
= interesting .
< good story but could have been better

> this coconut oil is great . it smells like coconut , of course , but it 's not overtly fragrant . it 's a real great consistence . it 's solid , but melts into a clear oil instantly upon applying to the skin.my kids and i have varying degrees of eczema and i 'm always looking for something non-prescription to make it better . not only is this natural , it 's organic . it 's non-gmo . so pure you can eat it - which is actually recommended for weight loss . supplemental information is available on the label , as well as skin care and hair care instructions .
= can be used for just about anything !
< great for kids

> this was such a beautifully written story and one that people of all ages should be able to relate to . the characters were so detailed and vivid . it would be impossible not to like them . everyone has been at that crossroad where they feel alone and lost , and just want to disappear . the story made for a great journey while the characters discovered themselves . this book was like a breath of fresh air after reading so many books that `` all seemed the same '' . the edge of never definitely exceeded my expectations .
= a book that will cause emotions galore ... ... .
< beautifully written story

> the chewy gooey megafudge cookies are not the worst but definitely not the best cookie on the shelf . they are dry with a strange chemical taste that is almost but not totally masked by the chocolate flavoring . sending them out away from me to sea would be a far better choice than welcoming them into my home . high calorie , low flavor . the re-seal package design is handy and a change but not really an improvement on the original design . all in all , not worth the money .
= chips avast
< not the best cookie cookies

> omg ! ! ! ! ! this series is going to be the death of me ! ! ! ! ! we are taken on another emotional journey with new mysteries to be solved . right when things are looking up the author slams us with another shocking cliffhanger ! ! ! ! ! ! if what appears to be is true i will be very upset . but you never know what direction ms. ward will take ! !
= almost a 5
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> werther 's original carmel chocolatesabsolutely delicious . quality ingredients , no corn syrup listed . soft and smooth . four people ate them and all found them wonderful . the heat of your tongue begins the melt , tastes like homemade caramel and the flavor stays through to the end . goes great with coffee and tea , or plain i had them all three ways and you ca n't go wrong if you like caramel and chocolate .
= heaven for caramel lovers
< delicious !

> being one who prefers strong flavour in tea , this was not to my liking . lipton products , overall , tend to have a very mild flavour , and , with this being no exception , i had to use two sachets for one cup to capture the essence of blackberry . the vanilla was not detectable.lovers of herb teas often prefer delicate flavours , and it should suit those in that category .
= flavour a bit too delicate for my tastes
< not bad , but not great

> literally right after i finished twilight i ran to the store to pick up new moon . man what a stinker this book is . it has none of the magic twilight had . i was 230 pages in before i gave up ! i do n't want to finish the 500 pages either . why did bella have to become so sad stephanie myers ? you really should have kept them together !
= new moon
< wow !

> i think i 've said it before but colleen hoover is a must read . really anything she writes captures your soul and the story flows at such a beautiful sometimes heart wrenching pace . this girl completes the puzzle that is the slammed series . it 's a & # 34 ; 5+ stars and resides on my loved shelf & # 34 ; .
= brings it home !
< a must read !

> this product worked better than i would have originally assumed . it certainly cuts down on the time to cut up a pineapple . the only drawback is that you can only use it on a ripe fruit and that if you use it on a large pineapple you have wasted fruited left in the husk still .
= works well
< worked better than i would have hoped

> this tea has a very earthy taste and aroma to me ; not strong on the ginger flavor as the box suggests . this product also contains caffeine , which i like for my morning tea . however , i think i 'll stick with my plain black tea .
= earthy tea
< earthy taste , contains caffeine

> after getting sticker shock at wally world - you know , that big blue chain store - i came to amazon to pick up an hdmi cable . this high quality and simply boxed cable was about 1/3 the price delivered to my door . i love amazonbasics .
= ca n't beat the price/quaity ratio
< great product

> secrets will topple a relationship , lost trust will destroy a new relationship . jett and brooke are 2 characters that are sexy and fall in love , but secrets destroys this new beginning . ca n't wait to see what happens next . love me some jett !
= a sexy secret , oh jett !
< love me some jett !

> this was a great continuation of beautiful bastard . i really enjoyed reading and cathcing up with bennett and chloe and seeing were they left off from the first book .
= loved the book
< great continuation of beautiful bastard

> caught up in us is a super sweet story ! very light and quick to read . you will find yourself quickly immersed in the story of kat and bryan !
= so sweet !
< sweet story

> this is one of the greatest movies ever made depicting the suffering christ endured for our sins . a beautiful , unparalleled film that everyone should own .
= the best story ever told
< the best of the year

> we were happy with these . i really like the fact that i feel like they are more natural than the other products out there .
= happy with these
< great

> loved it very good not too hot just right and i like anything with raspberry . good for you kitchen .
= :0 )
< loved it

> i like tea but only drink it a few times a week at most . brewing a whole pitcher of tea is too much for me and i usually end up pouring half of it out after a week and a half or so because i do n't think it 's good after that so i usually have a lot of wasted tea . these individual brew over ice k-cups are a great choice for me . they 're there when i want them and i 'm not wasting any excess.sweet tea- although i like sweet tea , this tea is almost too sweet for me . the serving size says 8 ounce so i adjust the sweetness by brewing it on my 10 ounce setting instead . if i had a 12 ounces setting i think i 'd even be fine with that . i do like the flavor of this tea though . my 12-year-old daughter loves this tea as well . she requests it quite often . these k-cups are only 50 calories which i do n't think is too bad , especially when i brew a larger cup.black tea- i accidentally assumed these were the brew over ice ones like the sweet tea was and made it that way the first time . it was good that way but after that i started making it hot . i like it hot better . the flavor is really nice and it 's 0 calories . you can add sweetener if you like but i actually like it just the way it is.i like both of these teas and i would recommend them . just know that the sweet tea is really sweet . if that 's how you like it then you should love it .
= quick & easy , good flavor , i 've tried sweet & black ...
< sweet and sweet

> isabella swan : `` about three things i was absolutely positive : first , edward was a vampire . second , there was a part of him-and i did n't know how dominant that part might be-that thirsted for my blood . and third , i was unconditionally and irrevocably in love with him . `` short attention span summary ( sass ) :1. girl moves to forks , washington to live with her father2 . the weather sucks3 . so apparently do some of the inhabitants4 . she makes friends with some quileute indians and one very pale face5 . some girls just ca n't resist a tall , pale , handsome , unapproachable and seemingly unattainable guy6 . after researching old quileute legends , she realizes that the new love of her life might in fact be larger than life.7 . atypical teen romance of undying love follows , and of course this love is tested in many ways8 . ending paves way for anxiously awaited sequelthis is a wonderful and unusual story of young romance , filled with dangerous passion , intrigue and dire peril . as a point of interest , these vampires are totally different to the bram stoker variety , so do n't expect fangs , coffins , capes or bats , and what 's more , this new and improved breed positively sparkle in the rays of the sun.the young stars robert pattinson and kristen stewart share an undeniable chemistry , and although i have n't read the book , this movie made me put it on my wish list . highly recommended for anyone who 's a sucker for love.isabella swan : `` i dream about being with you forever . `` amanda richards , march 22 , 2009
= undying love
< i dream about with you forever .

> times change , and superheros begin to have lawsuits filed against them . when the burden is too much for the government to bear , the incredibles are forced into retirement and into normal life through the `` superhero relocation program '' . but , working as an insurance salesman does n't hold the same thrill for mr. incredible/bob parr ( nelson ) , and he finds himself listening to the police scanner with another former superhero by the name of frozone ( jackson ) . that way they can still offer their help to the police . when a mysterious stranger enters his life , mr. incredible finds himself presented with an opportunity to regain some of his lost glory . now , he is working on the sly with his wife ( hunter ) unaware of what is going on , but a secret like that can not be kept forever.with `` the incredibles '' , pixar goes the way of the big studios by making a superhero movie . despite some similarity to the fantastic four , this idea works pretty well . it is fun to see the out of shape mr. incredible stuff himself into his costume and fight the bad guys . the cartoon violence ups the rating to pg ( a first for a pixar movie ) , but there is nothing too over the top here . `` the incredibles '' is not as good as `` toy story '' 1 or 2 or `` finding nemo '' , but kids and adults alike are sure to enjoy the majic that pixar brings to the screen .
= the incredibles
< the incredibles

> i could not wait to try this balm , i have fine , thin , long hair and it gets very dry in the summer . unfortunately , i used this in the shower and could not for the life of me fine the directions for use on the package ! i put this all over my head and hair and when i tried to rinse it out , it would not come out . i washed my hair with shampoo 4 times afterwards and i still have this grease in my hair . i would not recommend this product , unless they include directions for use somewhere - but watch out , it might take you many shampoos to get this out of your hair ! update - it is the next day and my hair is so greasy - i read another reviewers note where they used dish soap , i tried dish soap and liquid hand soap as well as pantene to wash this out of my hair - it is a bit less but still so thick in my hair - i am just going to keep washing it through out the day ( thank goodness it is a weekend ! ) and try to get as much of this out of my hair that i can . i have washed my hair over 15 times and it is still thick and heavy on my hair . this makes me wonder , what are the instructions for this product , is it even for your head or hair ? ? ?
= no directions and to greasy and heavy
< i 'm not sure about this balm !

> ..and among the top 2 pop performers of all time ! sure , the record people are out to get every dime out of the # 1 rock band of all time ! so what 's wrong with that ! ! this cd is all it claims to be : all the beatle 's # 1 hits ! now , i was a huge beatles fan way back in 1964 , and now i 'm over 50 , and still enjoy playing their huge variety of great songs . how can you not love `` she loves you '' ? just listen to the vocal harmonies and lyrics , and it will knock you out ! for pure versatility , fun , and exuberance these guys can not be beat . plus , some top ballads ( `` yesterday '' etc ) . , and even children 's tunes ( `` yellow sub '' ) ! what a song catalogue ! interesting that this band had some great tunes that were `` b '' side that only diehards , like me , know today.. ( like `` i 'll get you '' , '' b '' side of `` she loves you '' .. so if you 're a youthful fan sick of rap , grunge , etc , you ca n't miss this one ! oh , and the other of the top 2 pop performers of all time , with a recording oevre that matches the beatles ! ? easy ... frank sinatra !
= among the best of the # 1 poprock band ! !
< i 'm a beatles fan !

> coppers was a really feel good read . getting inside asher cooper 's head and seeing him unravel because of the grief of losing his brother was heartbreaking . but then seeing him face his demons head on with the help of his fellow corps security brothers , warmed my heart.the love he feels for chelcie was nothing less than beautiful . their hard fought happiness is never here taken for granted . nor is it assumed . the way they battle both his demons and her doubts together as a team was so wonderful and at times even a bit humorous . they do n't let things get by each other and are simply true soulmates.it 's always great to be able to catch up with the other members of their tight crew and harper sloan never disappoints in this series with just that . we get to see how everyone is doing and how much love there is between them . this book has incredibly sexy scenes that are balanced by truly tender ones . a story that is well written and a joy to read.we get a glimpse of how the next book , maddox , will begin and i for one am really looking forward to that one.a solid 4 stars from me ... highly recommended ! !
= just so good .
< asher cooper is a must read ! !

> this is a good `` to go '' type drink mix . ordinarily i would think of `` to go '' and `` single serving '' to be the same thing , but the package says this contains two servings . i poured one packet of this tea mix into my large 40oz cup at work ( full of ice ) and it was too strong/sweet for me , so this is definitely more than a single serving packet for me.the drink tastes good . i typically drink unsweetened tea at work or else i drink crystal light drinks ( sweet ) . the crystal light is n't usually too sweet for me , but this drink is much sweeter than i 'm used to . the coconut taste is also very strong.after drinking the first packet in my huge cup , i just used half a packet as my `` single serving '' . since i started diluting it it 's been much more pleasant . it 's a good drink and i 'll keep drinking it . i like it a lot more than the carbonated diet sodas that we have at work .
= good , but very sweet
< good drink

> i 'm usually hesitant to use these sorts of wipes , i usually feel dirtier after i use things like this . but i was doing a major product in my bathroom and i only have one and there were only so many times a week i could shower at my ex-husband 's house . so in a pinch i used the wipes . i did initially feel grittier than when i started . does it freshen your smell - yup . does it take some of the dirt or sweat off of you , yes . however , you do crave a shower in as soon as possible a time frame.the smell is okay . the wipes are sturdy . i think these would be could in an honest to goodness pinch , maybe between work and dinner or to take camping . but after a hefty workout if i used these i would still want a shower pretty bad . i did give them a go after cleaning out my garage , and opted to call a neighbor and use their shower .
= okay for the intention
< not for me

> i had to go back and skim through [ bookcover : the coincidence of callie and kayden|16113791 ] , it 's been a while since i read it . this book is in my opinion a better book than the first one . you knew they both had problems and the cliffhanger ... ... ... the first book really was n't that appealling until the very end and i had to know if kayden lived or died ! but this book was really good , of course i was on pins and needles at the first part of the book . but then you started getting invested in all the characters . you got luke kayden 's best friend which is a rock but going through something . you got kayden 's parents wth ? ? ? then you still have caleb threats and being around . the next book should be great ! at least this one did n't leave you with a life or death cliffhanger . but it left you with unanswered questions ... ..
= book 2 better than book 1
< i ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> devin jones just broke up with this long-time girlfriend . he gets a job at an amusement park during the summer break from college , hoping that the preoccupation will help him to get his mind off of the pain . instead , he becomes interested in an unsolved murder that happened years before in the amusement park . he also makes the acquaintance of a dying young boy who dreams to ride the rides in joyland.sound like a stephen king novel ? not really . this is much different than what i consider to be his usual work . this book is more of a detective story . but , the wonderful stephen king character development is still here . it is very difficult not to fall in love with the innocent , well-meaning devin , the sweet wheelchair-bound michael , and the worried mother , annie . stephen king 's excellent settings are here , too . the weather often effectively reflects the emotions of this story . these things make this a winner .
= joyland
< the wonderful stephen king novel

> my friend gets all these dvds from singapore , so i went over to his house to watch this movie and i loved it ! the s/fx are amazing , especially the fact that this is in b/w with a splash of color ! it has 3x story , and the blood looks so cool.but one thing- the unrealisim . it 's a bit rediculous ( i.e . the guy getting shot a zillion times and surviving and the guy surviving being hanged ) , but c'mon ! it 's just fiction ! the story is about a b & w ; city called sin city , and anything can happen ! jackie boy is the best character , and he 's so funny ! i like his quotes ( you 're gon na love this baby ) .so see this today ! update3/7/05so far only 2/9 ppl found my review helpful . wtf ? ? i wrote you a long and amusing review but u hate it . why ?
= wow ! i 'm amazed !
< i loved it !

> when we 're at home we usually use a glass bottle or something similar , however when we 're on the go , or away from home , the drop-ins are great.they liners/dropins hardly take up any space , and even if wanting to do multiple bottles , you can re-use the outer case making how much space these take up very minimal.if you are pumping , these can even be easier , as you can pump right to bags that let you drop right in . this kit is a great starter set , giving you some of the smaller sizes which are even more portable when you just have a small baby , and also the bigger sizes you 'll graduate into . you may need to purchase new nipples as your child grows , but you will have to do that with most bottle sets as well .
= no mess , easy reuse , great for on the run
< great starter set

> since most of the reviews of this classic have been on the blu-ray format , i figured that a hd review of this film is in order . i have already seen and rented this film from netflix in hd though i also own a blu-ray player . the visual and audio effects of this film far outshine other versions of this film ( laser/tape ) . if you own one of the toshibas that are currently on discount , this would be an excellent first purchase ! ! it will definitely show off the qualities of your hdtv . i have not seen it in the blu-ray format but this disc comes close to the excellent transfer of `` blade runner-the final cut '' . by the way i have already ordered this film from amazon in hd , ca n't wait to get it ! !
= 2001 in hd
< a classic ! !

> a drama in all the sense of the word , a.i . artificial intelligence , brings to the screen the story of a couple that adopts an android capable of love following their son going into a coma . things become rather complicated when the young boy regains consciousness ... the cast does a good job in their respective roles though its haley joel osment that steals the show.the similarities with pinocchio are evident and the film focuses on human relations , hope and inner strength , as well as love , devotion and integrity.very serious and very slow at times it does not aim so much to entertain as to stimulate one 's mind and emotions.recommended for haley joel osment ( who is really great ) fans and for those with a taste for depression in the extreme .
= pinocchio meets blade runner indeed ...
< a.i

> i prefer using detergents that minimize environmental effects and do n't have fragrances , so this is the type of detergent i 'd generally use . what is special about this one is the ultra concentration . even for large loads , only a small capful is needed , so that this small bottle has enough for 53 loads . the outcome with the laundry is comparable to tide free and i love that it uses less plastic than other liquid detergents.the only improvements i 'd like are:1. the lines on the cap are not very clear , so i was never sure exactly how much to put in.2 . i 'd like to buy a huge bottle of this so as to further reduce plastic waste . i wish larger sizes were available .
= love the super concentration
< good for large loads

> okay , this is a great sauce to use for stir frys especially with beef and lamb . the sauce has a 'smoky ' taste and hence i didnt think it worked that well for chicken and delicate fish . talk about saving time for a quick meal - we love it . sometimes , we marinate the meat over night and that makes the meat taste a lot more smokey and flavorful - especially for a non-expensive cut of meat , which we all face in our food budget ! it has a very low sodium count of 3 % and has not 'bad ' ingredients like high frutose sugar , which i just found out that heinz ketchup has - eeeek . we also found a little goes a long way .
= great for stir frys !
< great for a quick meal

> middle bookhad to lookjust as hotbut iffy plotpart two of the three-part series serves mainly to link the opening to the grand ( i hope ) finale . secrets are revealed , even more secrets are withheld , and links with the past keep popping up everywhere for the lead characters.the ending is disappointing in its indecent haste to explain everything and wrap up the loose ends in one chapter . on the `` believability '' scale , it 's definitely at the bottom end . however , the emotion conveyed is visceral and all-consuming , the lead characters still share an unbridled passion for each other , and the writing for these parts is as good as ever.rated : 3.5 starsamanda richards , october 3 , 2012
= cloudy reflection
< not what i expected

> this is a great drink that has the flavor of margarita but without alcohol . it is as close as you can get to real alcohol-free margarita . just add water , mix it up , and grab your friends and family for a toast ! the drink has a slight after taste because of artificial sweetener in this brand of mixes , other than that this is a terrific drink.1 . slimstix sugar free margarita cocktail mix 12pk box2.crystal light lemonade drink mix ( 12-quart ) , 3.2-ounce packages ( pack of 4 ) 3.crystal light lemonade drink mix ( 8-quart ) , 2.1-ounce packages ( pack of 4 )
= a terrific drink
< margarita margarita

> i love john grisham 's writing style . some books are better than others . if i was giving points for fun , `` the racketeer '' would be towards the top of his book list.most of his books have twists and turns but this is a super windy road , full of switchbacks and blind corners.i do have to say the storyline is a wee bit out there but i read fiction to be entertained , to be shocked , to laugh - and this book evoked all those responses in me .
= victim of the rico act takes on the feds
< a fun read

> vitamins in a caffeinated energy drink - probably not what you really want to give smaller kids . my wife and i decided we did n't like the taste very much and although our oldest daughter liked it a lot , my 45 year old palate found it underwhelming.for those who remember what it is , it tasted very much like hawaiian punch.it 's sweetened with sucralose ( aka splenda ) which is much better than aspertame ( aka nutrasweet ) in terms of taste and potential side effects .
= kids like it , parents - meh ...
< good taste , but not great

> i have n't cried over a book in a long time , but this one certainly touched my heart . my husband walked into the room as i was reading the last few pages and i started reading aloud to him . knowing very little about what preceded those last few pages , he too was moved to tears . what a touching story ! dogs are such a beautiful gift from god . please read the book , you wo n't regret it .
= touches the heart of this dog lover ! ! !
< wow !

> irish spring has often advertised its clean rinsing , and this product is no exception . it is a bright blue reminiscent of toilet water that smells very strongly of eucalyptus . it is absolutely a masculine smell . it did not lather well in my hair , but as a body wash with a puff it was fine . it does what it says , and if you like the eucalyptus smell , it would definitely appeal to you .
= strong scent . definitely a `` guy '' wash .
< works well , but not a good product .

> my wife leaves cat food on the porch.she says it helps the neighborhood felines find food `` in their troubled times '' .i find that it attracts groundhogs , racoons and probably lions and tigers and bears ( oh my ) so i applied the critter ridder unbeknownst to her and walla ! no more neighborhood cats.of course when questioned , i claimed they must not have liked the brand.of course she bought a different brand .
= maybe i should n't be surprised
< my wife leaves cat food

> avery ` s story is riveting and heart breaking . without getting counseling or justice for what happened to her , the healing took a while . do n't even get me started on her par parents ! ! ! but gorgeous cam took the medal in patience . nice story . 4 stars because i want their story to evolve more . will i recommend this book ? yes ! ! ! ! !
= kind of sweet
< a great story

> cassie and jack redemption story was sweet , captivating and felt so real . i did not want it to end . love if you believe in it is there to behold and cherish . cassie and jack hold this true in there reconnection . great book , but i want more.the story from their pov was amazing .
= the game changer ! indeed ... ... .
< great story

> omg this book is really and great , i shed some tears for callie and kayden , they both been through so much and dealing with stuff . i love the together ca n't stand that chick daisy and seth is the best anybody would love to have in their lives .
= great book
< love it

> i have really enjoyed this product . it 's like oj with a kick . it has a clear , fresh taste . it is a great thirst quencher . izze satisfies that soda craving . this great stuff . i am anxious to try the other flavors .
= sparkling ! !
< great taste

> i guessed the big secret/twist before even reading the book . the brief description of the book is written in a way that i think gives it away . but that is fine . it was still a fun book . way too many similarities to fsog .
= no big surprises here
< fun read

> robert downey , jr. seems to have been destined to play sherlock holmes . he fills the deerstalker quite nicely . jude law plays a convincing watson to the point he is often to smarter of the two.nicely acted , scripted , directed and edited .
= the return of holmes and watson
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i loved the book . ca n't wait to see what happen next ... . the charter and story line was great ! i did not want to put the book down . but i did n't want it to end either .
= omg loved !
< loved it !

> i loved this trilogy . gabriel and julia have a great story . i do believe that it still left things open for more . many things seemed to be left unfinished , but it was a great read .
= gabriel 's redemption
< loved it !

> fantastic book . i loved it . good love scenes . great story line . hot ! ! ! ! funny characters . i ca n't wait for the next book !
= until trevor
< loved it ! ! !

> the popcorn was pretty good , the air-conditioned theater felt great on a steamy july evening , and jessica alba is really cute.oh , right , the movie . um , jessica alba was cute . and , um , jess -- wait , i said that already.the first 3/4 of the movie is mostly nothing . nothing much happens , then they go to a space station . there 's a cosmic storm , and nothing much happens and they go home . then everyone start turning weird , but nothing much happens . then there 's a big fight and the bad guy loses but he does n't completely lose so we can have a sequel . the end.johnny storm is an insufferable egotist with a forethought horizon measured in milliseconds . testosterone driven teenaged boys will relate . sue storm ( jessica ) is the director of bio-something at a billion dollar corporation and fitting mate for gray haired reed richards , despite her pouty seventeenish demeanor . ben grimm was true to the f4 i remember from years ago , but his lovely romantic interest seemed to be tacked on at the end . alicia ( kerry washington ) is a charmer though , so i wo n't complain.it 's a silly-season summer flick . if you 're a pureblood marvel fan-boy [ -girl ] , it 's a must see movie . if you have a small boy , you 'll be dragged to see it . otherwise , wait til it shows up in rentals and you 've seen everything else at the store.//wiredweird
= lots to like about this movie
< pretty good

> in her first novel , elizabeth kostova certainly takes on a well read topic , and at 642 pages , a lengthy dissertation . filled with intriguing historical facts and a sweeping narrative , the historian posits the question : is dracula real ? or a legend ? and is he still alive ? jumping from the 1930s to the 1950s , and 1970s , culminating in a 2008 narrative , the book requires some patience by the reader . kostova 's research is evident and there are some fresh approaches to the dracula legend . the four focal characters : paul , the father ; the unnamed daughter ; helen rossi , and professor rossi are interesting and well developed . kostova 's use of letters and journal entries also helps with the tremendous amount of exposition , and even her dracula , who does n't appear a lot in the novel is different from the usual count . perhaps the reason the historian is not an instant classic is that it is too informational at times and in the middle , kostova adds some digression regarding the travels of a mysterious group of monks . although this plays a part later in the book , it seems unwieldy and obtrusive . the book also ends rather quickly and it 's tag on ending dating back to the 15th century seems unnecessary and ambiguous.however , the historian is a well written book and should please fans of the genre .
= commanding debut
< a well written book

> blythe is miserable . she is in her last year at college . she is utterly alone . no friends and not really much family . her parents died in a tragic accident 4 years ago . its just been her and her brother but they do n't have a good relationship . she has gotten overweight from lack of exercise and drinks to numb the pain . she is so so alone . and then she meets the shepherd 's , 4 brothers and sisters , who take her in.for some reason i was not connecting well to the beginning of this book . i almost quit at 5 % and then again at 7 % . i made myself read to 10 % and i 'm glad i did . after that i was glued to my kindle.why was n't i connecting ? i am not sure if i was just tired . it was almost bedtime and i was fighting sleep . these character were complex right out of the gate and that might have been more challenging . there are a lot of books going around right now with broken main characters . but what made this one different is that she did n't want to be broken anymore . she just could n't find her way back to normal.this story is beautifully done . the author is able to make you feel everything that blythe goes through . at times this was pretty intense .
= beautifully done
< i was not sure if i was expecting

> holy hell ! i am blown away and at a loss for words . i thought tears of tess tore my heart out but qq has torn and totally ripped my heart out and pepper winters has put it back together . i was glued from the beginning and reading well into the night when i should have been sleeping but it was worth every sleepless minute . i had to take some time before writing this review because i am in a book hangover fog that is all tess & q. i loved tears of tess but qq has blown me away and i totally love q. there is so much going on with tess and q that you do n't know what hits you until you are right in the middle of it all . can tess help q to see the light ? will q finally break tess ? loving this series and ca n't wait for twisted together ( book 3 ) . another great one pepper . **i am not going to go any further , i do n't want to spoil it for anyone . all i can say is read tears of tess and quintessentially q and jump into the dark world of tess & q .
= perfect !
< i ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i did n't really appreciate this second installment of the lotr trilogy until i watched this for the second time put on the english subtitles , so i was able to understand everything `` gollum '' said . i recommend doing that you has a similar problem deciphering his dialog . now i more fully understood what a tortured soul that pathetic creature was , and. , hence , the film is great . in fact , the more i watch this second `` episode , '' the better it gets ! anyway , this second installment , as in the first , offers a lot of fascinating sights and sounds and a nice varied platter of action scenes and wild characters . for younger kids , i am to happy to say there is absolutely nothing , language-wise , that would offend anyone but the violence is heavy and brutal at times.this is a solid , highly-recommended second installment in the trilogy . it 's epic film-making . no , it may not be equal to the first - the fellowship of the ring - but what adventure story is ? it 's still very worthy of buying this extended edition to get everything you can out of this fantastic story .
= i now love this one , too , thanks to the subtitles
< a great adventure

> i have previously triedpure bar organic wild blueberry , raw fruit & nut bar , 1.7-ounce bars ( pack of 12 ) and liked that bar to the same degree as this bar . pure claims their bar is `` organic ; raw ; gluten-free ; certified kosher ; certified vegan ; healthy ; delightful '' . each bar is 190 calories and contains 8 grams of total fat , 7 grams of proteins and 25 grams of total carbohydrates . the cherry cashew bar does contain 5 mg of sodium . when i open the bar there was no aroma of cherry and the bar look like all the date bars now being sold as this type of organic bar . though this date paste has a smooth texture holding in place chopped nuts and dried cherries . you do get a strong cherry burst of flavor when you bite into a part of the bar containing the dried cherries . best of all , besides being edible , is that it leaves no lingering aftertaste . i would buy these if i was hungry and needed something on the go . this is not a bar that i would seek out but i would eat it .
= organic cherry cashew bar
< not a bar that i would buy these

> ender 's game is the story of ender wiggin , a child-soldier in a dim future where wars are won electronically . i listened to the audio version of this novel , but after a while , had to listen to this in seclusion ! lol , my father hated the fact that the aliens were called 'bugger , ' and every time this was mentioned rather loudly in the beginning by peter , he 'd strenuously object.other than the term 'bugger , ' i thought this book was really fast paced , and exciting , if at times a little gruesome . ender is an enjoyable character , 'caught up ' by events beyond his control who you can really empathize with . the other characters are quite endearing : with two exceptions : i honestly wish peter had been done away with . this character was irritating in the extreme ... and valentine ? what 's with card making all his genius characters mentally ill ? i wish she 'd sought help for her pyromania . i wo n't even go there about peter 's psychotic tendencies.other than that , loved card 's work . will definitely be looking up the next book in the series !
= great ! few caveats
< ender 's game

> bumkins reusable snack and sandwich bagthis is the bright blue design , which really is a dr. seuss design with the cat in the hat , and thing 1 and thing 2. i did n't expect it and thought it would just be a generic blue design.these are nice because they are re-usable and more environmentally friendly than the disposable zip-loc bags . however , these are not air tight or water tight . there are 2 holes on the top corners near the zippers , this could leak out juices/fluids from your snacks . i also found it cumbersome to have to wash it out every time i used it , versus just recycling my old zip loc bags . i normally re-use the zip loc bags to hold small parts , empty shell cases , etc ... if they are clean enough.albeit , the directions indicate you can machine wash it in warm water , but i am leery about washing a food bag with my dirty clothes.overall : 4/5 stars , takes time to wash and dry versus using a ziploc bag . it is not air tight , so juices/fluids can/will drip out .
= can be tiresome to clean , not air tight , cool dr. seuss design
< not air tight , but not air tight

> cormac mccarthy 's the road is a fast read and lives up to the hype as his masterpiece . it 's very dark and therefore may not be for everyone . it 's a post-apocalypse story with virtually no women characters . churning up memories of stephen king 's the stand , it also shares some themes with the mad max movies and will smith 's current i am legend , based on the richard matheson book , but its imagery is more effective than any of these . it 's a very emotional story about a father and son in the bleakest of circumstances , and i highly recommend it . you 'll have a lot of questions about what actually happened , but that 's the author 's way , i guess , of saying that it does n't really matter , because it 's not about how we got here . the form of the novel reflects the unstructured world being described , in that there are no chapter breaks . not all complete sentences either ( like this one ) . it won the 2007 pulitzer for fiction . do n't miss it .
= another great one from cormac mccarthy
< a fast read , but a must read .

> one of carpenter 's best , and coming on the heels of his b-masterpiece escape from new york , the thing is one of the better suspense/alien flicks out there ( so to speak ) . the photography is excellent , the acting better than expected , the gooey monsters still pretty enjoyable , and one of its highlights is the typically superb morricone score.so why would the studio nitwits give this one of the best blu-ray transfers out there ... and dump all the extras from the dvd except the commentary ? plenty of gigs left on the disc ... clearly they 're going for the double dip yet again . these greedy weasels whine about piracy day in and day out and then pull their own piracy by putting out blu-rays with less features than the dvds that cost half as much ! insane.unless you worship this film , which would justify buying this , i 'd wait for the inevitable next version.too bad , as this is a truly superb transfer . borrow a friend 's ! ps the way carpenter uses our sympathy for the dog at the start is real genius .
= a near-perfect blu-ray transfer ... so why dump the extras ?
< one of the best blu-ray transfers out there

> shrek is a playful comedy is full of love , comedy , action , retrospection , and fairy tale creatures that actively flirts with the audience from the beginning to the end . the film tied me up with humor that was meant for young and old , lay and expert , men and women . nevertheless , the humor was not the best characteristic of the film . no , the best characteristic of the film was the concerns of real life that were brought up with charm and seriousness , which was made easily digested with the humor . some of these real life concerns was friendship , love , discrimination , intolerance , and greed . the only aspect that i did not like was the villain 's short stature , which was used as a tool for slapstick humor . however , i am willing to let this one slide , since it reflects the ambiguity of each individual personality . in short , this is the best film i have seen this year , and it is far better than any other computer animated film that i have seen .
= flirtatious comedy fairy tale
< a playful comedy

> 'jaws ' , directed by steven spielberg was released in '75 and still stands as one of the biggest box office money makers of all-time . now , some thirty-one years later it probably looks a little hokey compared to modern high action state-of-the-art special effects . fortunately this film has much more to offer than sweaty palms or an occassional gasp and scream . the real strength of this film lies in the teaming together richard dryfuss , roy scheider and the ever elusive rober shaw as the three valiant souls willing to way anchor and search for the great white killer shark terrorizing the little seaside resort community of amity . watching their transformation from initial hostilities slowly evole into deep mutual respect is the best part of the film . their constant banter is hilarious , insightful and packed with great quotable dialogue.if you do n't like scary films just pretend the shark is n't there and watch for the great acting ! also a wonderful performance by murray hamiliton as amity 's mayor .
= `` oh boys ' , i think he 's come back for his noon feeding ''
< the best of the film

> this was another book that i thought would be at least a little bit of a romance , but was more on the action/drama side.ellie and camden know each other from high school . ellie is back in town after running a scam on her last boyfriend . she runs into camden who is now a stud instead of the nerd he once was in school . they reconnect and ellie finds out she can use him in more ways than one . camden on the other hand has all kinds of crap in his past to complicate things for ellie.i did n't seem to be able to connect with these characters or the story . after reading the whole book waiting for something to change or catch my interest , it just did n't . maybe i am too far down the romance road to appreciate these action/drama type of books . although ellie and camden are together , they seemed forced , not natural . this book just was n't for me .
= could n't get into it
< not for me

> having read the whole series now , it is obvious that the author has come a long way ( for the better ) in her writing , not that she was bad to start with . the descriptions are handled beautifully , especially the scenes involving physical changes to the characters . the plot is not only creative but very clever . this author has the ability to make something that would normally be really disgusting sound almost acceptable , which is quite a talent.i found it easy to connect with the very `` real '' characters , thanks in part to the accomplished writing . there is wit and humor along with lots of excitement . it 's a good blend . i was laughing one minute , then on edge the next . a great finale !
= the best of the series yet
< a great finale !

> i do not use caffeine for religious and health reasons . often that means i am drinking water when all the choices are caffeinated . these decaf black tea/ half berry lemonade sticks are a wonderful alternative . i find the flavor refreshing and without any off aftertaste . the powder mixes up quickly in a 16.9 oz bottle of water without clumps.i do dislike nutrition information based upon a hall package . one package has ten calories for the 16.9 oz bottle . the package says 5 calories ( in large font ) for an 8 oz serving ( in much smaller font ) . it is a minor quibble re : a product i enjoy very much .
= really enjoy the flavor ; no caffeine !
< a great alternative to the caffeine

> similar to correction tape , this product was extremely easy to use.it 's too bad that i did n't have this type of product before for my kindergarten grade child . i would n't have had to deal w/ all the messes of glue sticks , paste , or drip glue for her homework.it 's a great product for grade school children or for scrap booking . the bonding is n't extremely strong , but it makes it perfect for school age children where you can still remove the glued item and fix it again w/o a huge mess of paper tearing .
= great product for school projects and homework
< easy to use , easy to use

> cj roberts is still my favorite author , this book really is an epilogue and it was so strange to see livvie and caleb/james trying to live in amongst & # 34 ; normal & # 34 ; society . i kind of did n't like livvie as much and her immaturity but she was only nineteen and caleb twenty-seven . i loved & # 34 ; captive in the dark & # 34 ; and seduced in the & # 34 ; dark & # 34 ; and cj is amazing , i ca n't wait for more of her work .
= different but brilliant !
< another great book by cj roberts

> it is a light-hearted and funny romantic book . basically it is about a college girl who was a drama major attempting to lose her virginity and then got involved with a guy who happened to be her theatre teacher . the attraction between bliss and garrick was strong and garrick was willing to take risks when enjoying guilty pleasures with bliss . i enjoyed the scene where they both caught mono . it was pretty well written and you do feel yourself in the hazy state . hamlet the cat decoy and eventual hostile pet was hilarious .
= blissful
< funny and funny

> i tried both this flavor ( strawberry ) and the blueberry flavor . while both are tasty , the blueberry wins out by a nose.as with the blueberry , my major complaint is that the filling is rather sparse . i like the thin but crunch nature of the coating and the fact that the coating is not that sweet . it 's a nice change from the typical granola or breakfast bar -- very enjoyable as a snack.definitely worth trying this as an alternative to a granola bar .
= tasty , but i like the blueberry version a little better
< tasty , but not sweet

> pretty solid . i grew up reading spidey comics in the late 60s/early 70s and i think tobey really hits parker nicely . j jonah jameson is also perfectly done . not so happy with mary jane ; she 's too wimpy here , while a real tiger in the original comics.but , this is a movie with its own agenda , and it fulfills that well . good job on making doc ock believable ; molina is solid.all in all , worth watching for pure comic book-style fun .
= good eye candy
< fun fun

> well lets just say beautiful disaster was my favorite . i am not sure anyone could out do travis . with that being said , trenton was amazing character , cami annoyed me somewhat . i saw the twist coming through most of the book , i think the book just fell flat to me . i pretty much felt like i was reading beautiful disaster from someone else 's view ! keep on writing jamie mcguire i am looking forward to more of the maddox brothers !
= i would recommend it
< i 'm not sure anyone could out do travis !

> wow . what a geat movie . there are some very thoughtful and well-writted reviews about the departed . i believe i will go for a quick hit here and just express what a joy it was to watch such a well-directed movie filled with some of the best actors working today . by no way shape or form is this a happy film , it is ; however , a trip well-worth the taking . the oscar was well-earned ! 5 stars and highly recommended !
= great film , great plot , incredible acting
< `` i 'm a classic ! ''

> great full flavor . black but you can add cream and sugar if you need it . i take it straight and i get the needed lift without all the hassle . it really does taste great ! with no sugar ! or cream ! and i 'm a devout cream and sugar user ! i can recommend it wholeheartedly . a little pricey but worth it for the convenience it offers . four stars !
= good flavor and great for that morning on the go coffee fix !
< great full flavor !

> this tea is aromatic , smooth , and pleasant . happily , the taste is not overly strong , as cardamom can be . it 's a mellow tea perfect for a relaxing evening . the fact it is organic and non-gmo is a huge plus -- even more appreciated -- the note on the back talking about its fair labor practices . good tea with a conscience !
= aromatic , smooth , and pleasant
< smooth , smooth tea with a conscience

> i really liked this book . i love the many premises it encompasses . race cars , orphaned children and and one sexy as sin driver ! ! rylee has been through the wringer and colton has a ton of baggage , but these to are scorching together . i 'm looking forward to the next book to find out more of colton 's past .
= sexy race car driver
< love this book ! !

> this coffee has me looking forward to my breakfast coffee.i 've been able to get two good cups out of each pouchon my single cut maker.the resulting coffee is n't as oily as some blends that i have triedrecently . i 'm enjoying this box while i can.my local store does n't stock these specialty brands .
= a good blend
< good coffee

> i love the storyline idea . a little bit of a common formula , but the two main characters and the crossed wires that lead to them being apart was a nice addition to the plot . good characters , albeit , a bit over the top . but i enjoyed the dialog and the drama .
= axel
< good storyline

> my sister and i are both having problems with coffee acidity and this package is wonderful . the taste is great and really smooth going down . neither of us has had any problem with this pot of coffee and will look for more .
= super cup of coffee
< great taste

> i like this author and she is good at imagination . this is a good love story and i will read more of her books . some are better than this one but all in all it was good .
= good book
< good

> the sport line s even better than the 360 style ! wore these for running and swimming and had no leaks . the applicator is great because its a no slip grip . easy to use !
= safe for sports ... including swimming
< great product !

> i just love brooke and remington . i really appreciated the bipolar story of it because it shows that your life does n't have to stop and you could find love .
= great book
< love it

> i really like the price of these . i remember buying mon $ ter cables in the past . these work just as well
= works great
< great price

> i had no desire to see this film . i did n't bother to see it when it made its remarkable run in theaters , and i ignored all the hoopla . then my wife brought this little jewel home from the video store the other night , and i reluctantly pulled up a chair and watched the movie.darn glad i did.my big fat greek wedding is cultural stereotyping run amuck , but pulls it off because the film never takes itself too seriously . michael constantine as family patriarch gus portokalos ( the & quot ; windex man & quot ; ) is delightfully over the top . name a word -- any word -- and he 'll prove it 's derived from the greek language . the sprawling portokalos clan takes center stage here ; imagine your most boisterous family union , multiply it by ten , and you 'll match the energy of this family 's get-togethers.the film centers around the romance and subsequent engagement of toula portokalos ( nia vardalos ) , deemed an & quot ; old maid & quot ; by her family , and yuppie ian miller ( john corbett ) , who is kind and likeable , but -- gasp ! -- not greek . toula does her best to insulate her fiance from the rowdiness of her huge family , but for ian it 's baptism by fire from the start . the & quot ; cultural indoctrination & quot ; is intense . it 's also downright funny.what pleased me even more was the love story here . the relationship between toula and ian transcended the cultural differences ; at no time did either of them think about calling off the wedding . i was afraid the plot would move to that contrived , overdone dimension , but was pleasantly wrong.anyone who comes from a big family , or wishes they had , will adore my big fat greek wedding . an enthusiastic five stars !
= big fat greek fun !
< a intense , intense , and intense film

> this is a perfect remake . not one iota of new matter . it is the same as the old film but remade with modern techniques . we delve into a prehistoric world with all the fauna and flora . the fauna is more important though . all the dinosaurs , and giant bugs , and giant worms , and giant bats , etc . creepy crawling all over the place . we do not see the zipper in the back of the monster and he is lovable , especially his eyes . it is the meeting of the belle and the beast who is the beau of the belle and he gives way just before she is completely destroyed . the beast , who is a gallant beau , is thus undone by the belle . no anthropology and the natives are just enhancing the pictures , the settings and the environment , a few dancers around the beast on some sound-stage . yet the film is great because visually it is a treat , a highstyle and highpleasure treat . all the scenes , the creatures , the landscapes , mountainscapes , seascapes , urbanscapes are superb and the droning planes at the end are just as funny , strange and fascinating as the droning giant mosquitoes or wasps in the middle . it is brilliant and the eyes of the beast are so human that we understand why the belle fell in love with him , because he becomes a him at that moment , at the moment of his death , a wilfull death . apart from that do n't look for any real deep meaning , not even on the 1930s in the us . the salvation army is not the subject of the tale . just enjoy the luxuriance of the special effects.dr jacques coulardeau , universit & eacute ; paris dauphine , universit & eacute ; paris i panth & eacute ; on sorbonne
= fantastic - fabulous - sublime
< the salvation of the belle

> a few weeks ago , i finished stephen king 's novel `` the green mile '' and realized that i was about the only person on the planet who had not seen the film adaptation . upon viewing the 3-hour piece of work , i was amazed by the degree to which king 's writing was able to be translated to the big screen ( as opposed to , say , `` hearts in atlantis '' , which left much to be desired ) .the plot of the film is exactly the same as that of the book , centering on a 1930s death row prison and the strange ( paranormal ? ) events that transpired there . all the actors are dead-on in their interpretation of king 's characters , such as the inspired paul edgecombe ( tom hanks ) , the lunatic guard percy wetmore ( doug hutchison ) , the even loony-er prisoner `` wild bill '' wharton ( sam rockwell ) , and the hulking , meek inmate john coffey ( michael clarke duncan ) , from which the story really draws from.i wo n't give away any plot details here , but suffice it to say that pretty much everyone will enjoy this film . while the subject matter and language ( the film is set in a prison ) rules out the kiddies , pretty much anybody else should find it to be an inspiring journey , as the movie explores the themes of death , love , and doing the noble deed in the face of great opposition.i do n't say this for many book-film combinations , but in this case you may actually be better off in seeing the film , as the acting is so wonderful and the plot does not deviate from the novel .
= one of the best book-to-film translation i 've ever seen
< the best of the year

> think back to those christmases from your childhood ... is n't there one that stands out in your memory as the & quot ; christmas to end all christmases & quot ; ? you wanted a particular toy more than anything , more than life itself . you did everything in your power to ensure its delivery , behaving in your most responsible mature way , making sure santa knew about it ( you had your doubts about santa , but you wanted to hedge your bets ) .such is the premise for & quot ; a christmas story. & quot ; peter billingsley as ralphie gives a sterling performance , a perfect combination of childhood naivete ' and more mature observation . darrin mcgavin is wonderful as ralphie 's dad , & quot ; the old man , & quot ; exuding boyish joy while at the same time trying to act like a & quot ; father. & quot ; the only casting choice that i questioned was melinda dillon as ralphie 's mother -- she does a fine job , though , and in the end is a nice match for darrin mcgavin.the story is narrated by jean shepherd himself , in a sort of midwest-accented tom bodette or garrison keillor style . it works beautifully , lending a sort of sepia-toned nostalgic tone to the story.if you 're looking for a replacement ( or addition ) to & quot ; it 's a wonderful life , & quot ; this is a good candidate . it 's funnier ( the bumpus 's worthless pack of bloodhounds almost steal the show a couple of times ) , and ( i feel ) more realistic -- something the entire family can enjoy !
= my favorite christmas movie . . .
< `` i 'm a christmas , & quot ; ''

> i did n't pay a dime for this garden kit , so i had to question why i ordered this . the answer was fairly easy . i maintain a small herb garden in the warm months which is usually transplanted to small pots that reside in an insulted and lighted green house window when it gets cold . while this would satisfy my herb garden needs in the most minimal of ways and would be supplemented by other herbs , this would be a great way to get my granddaughter into gardening in a small and manageable way . as it turned out , this was perfect . we cleared and cultivated a small patch of land , ammended and supplemented the soil , dug evenly spaced holes , inserted the seeds and their own pods , and watered and weeded.since everything in the set was done for us down to the proper depth of seed placement , all we needed to depend on was mother nature . germination has been quick . my granddaughter is thrilled with her accomplishments and comes over every day to weed and water . sure , we are not getting a huge yield that will feed the family for all summer or even a few meals . however , this is a first easy step into getting into gardening and green sustainability . on this score , i think this product is a nice approach to introduce a child to gardening or creating an urban rooftop garden . overall , it simplifies the steps i normally follow each spring when i start prepping my regular garden . despite being overpriced for what it is , it simplifies gardening for kids and would be gardeners .
= ask yourself why
< easy to use , easy to use , easy to use

> i liked it ! it has one hell of of hea ! though if you compare it to falling into you , you might feel a little disappointed.this is becka 's and jason 's story ( nell 's and kyle 's best friend ) . the story parallels the time frame of falling into you and proceeds a little bit further than where falling into you ended.the book is pretty good and just like any of this author 's works it has an emotional punch . though i liked the falling into you , it took me awhile to get into it . i was n't hooked until 40 % into the book , for some reason , i found the beginning slow , but once i was hooked it really enjoyed it.if you loved the first book in the series , you will like/love this one , in particular you will get to enjoy the bits where we catch glimpses of nell , kyle and colton . becka 's and jason 's story is just as beautiful and emotional as these individuals have to contend with their past , their upbringing and the death of a friend and a loved one as they slowly fall in love over the years.one truly amazing thing about this book is the epilogue , just for that alone this book is worth it all ! i loved this book , however falling into you is still my ultimate fav !
= pretty good , really enjoyed it , but ... ..
< i liked it !

> the bag is clearly labeled as gf ( gluten free ) , but for those who suffer from celiac disease , take note that thepeeled snacks organic apple clusters , cinnamon crunch , 60 gramis labeled as `` packaged in a facility that processes nuts , dairy , wheat & soy . '' that being said , these small balls of organic apples , organic apple juice concentrate , organic potato starch , organic cinnamon are tasty but for a product that has no added sugar , the sweetness makes a stronger appearance than the tartness of the apples . this was a surprise to the tastebuds . they are extremely crunchy , a texture that i love , but also a texture that i tend to eat more slowly to protect my teeth . i guess this is another method of portion control in approaching a package that contains four servings . i would not give these to very young children because the size might be difficult to soften with gums and saliva . the cinnamon flavor does come through and it 's appealing . i enjoy this snack but doubt that i 'll purchase another bag . i 'll stick with the dried apples made without apple juice concentrate and save on some of the sweetness when i need an apple snack that is n't consumed on a core and stem .
= packaged in wheat sharing facility , it 's a hard and sweet snack
< crunchy , crunchy , crunchy , but a little too crunchy

> i 'm in agreement with the various top reviews for this product , dogs love it , but humans do n't . look at it this way , any product containing only high quality beef is going to cost a lot more than this price and is anyone buying this going to expect 100 % beef inside ? i partly blame manufacturers for this , they advertise dog food with vegetables on tv . do we really expect our dogs ( carnivores ) to be eating steak , mash potatoes and a side of veggies ? it seems consumers buy into it and so are also partly to blame for buying them and causing the manufacturers to making and selling more.anyway , without taking any of the above into consideration my comments on this are:1. has a good variety of colors and shapes2 . we mixed it with other dog food and my dog ate all of the chef michael 's only ! 3 . her stool seems to be more than before ( more indigestible ingredients ? ) 4 . the zip lock bag is goodso as far as my dog 's opinion goes , she loves it so a 5 star from her !
= dogs love it ...
< my dog loves it , but humans do n't .

> i recently began using a clinical strength deodorant , and my wife was greatly impressed with the improvement over my normal brand . so when the secret clinical strength became available , she wanted to try it . after all , secret is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman.so far , she reports excellent results . it does n't go on sticky , and it has a pleasant but not overpowering scent . like most of the recent clinical deodorant additions to the market , it has a sort of slimy , wet feel when applied . but the product is quickly absorbed , leaving you feeling fresh and dry.sure , this one costs a little more , as do all clinical strength products . i have found that more often than not , this extra cost can be offset by using available manufacturer 's coupons in the sunday paper . more importantly , the way i see it , it is more important to remain odor-free than to save a few bucks.so this product gets a good rating from my wife , and i can say that it does keep her smelling fresh . recommended .
= works great
< excellent results

> spoiler alert ! ! ! ! ! what an amazing story . oh xavier i think i 'm in love ! this tough , hot , sexy beast of a man is the total package . he has had a terrible childhood that has left him feeling like he 's evil and unworthy of love . when the sweet innocent anna stumbles into his life he is mesmerized . he 's knows she 's too good and innocent for him . what captivates him the most is she has no idea who he is . she does n't like him because he 's a rich and famous wrestler . she 's honest and unafraid to take control of her life . they quickly become best friends then eventually lovers . such a great story of two people from rough pasts trying to find where they belong . but in the end xaviers rival rex pushes him too far and he beat kills him . he admits his love to anna before being arrested and dragged off . omg what a cliffhanger ! i can not wait for the next book . these two deserve happiness more than anyone . loved it !
= hot and emotional read
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i think mel gibson might want to step aside from doing historical movies and let russell crowe take over . this is the first crowe movie i have ever seen and i am impressed . very impressed . this man can act.i also think jocaquin phoenix is an excellent actor . he plays a character that you just love to hate and he is really good at it too . if it comes down to talent , i must say phoenix did a wonderful job and he is a much much better actor than his brother ever was . i think hollywood should keep an eye on this man ~~ he is talented . between the two of them , i can see why they took over the world by a storm . one classically noble and one pathologically weak . this is a movie between good and evil , for the greater cause and for love.gladiator is a movie for both women and men ~~ it really shows humanity in its best and vilest forms . and the photography is just stunning . this is a movie that i highly recommend .
= this is one of the best movies of 2000
< mel gibson is the best

> i just finished using this for the first time to wrap all my christmas presents -- and i love it ! before receiving it , i was worried that the blade would be exposed , making it dangerous . i was pleased to see , however , that the blade on this device is encased underneath a plastic housing , making it safe to use on hard surfaces.using this is really easy : you just insert the edge of it against your wrapping paper , and push it to quickly and easily cut the paper you need . as another reviewer mentioned , just be sure that the edge of your wrapping paper is smooth ; any slight crinkles or tears in the paper , and this device wo n't cut.another tip is to use wrapping paper that has graphs on the back ; although this device makes cutting straight lines easy , it was nice to use the graph as a guide when cutting paper.all in all , i really like this tool ! using it , along with my scotch wrist tape dispenser , made wrapping presents a breeze !
= makes wrapping presents quick and easy
< easy to use , easy to use !

> the whole premise behind abraham lincoln vampire hunter is so preposterous , you ca n't be expected to take it seriously ... and that 's why it works as a fantasy using historical figures and events as its backdrop . all the elements of an action/horror film are here : stunning special effects , outlandish kung-fu fights , breathtaking set pieces and a noble hero in honest abe . it 's impossible to resist the movie 's lure in spite of its incredible storyline.benjamin walker , looking like a young liam neeson ( he ironically played a young neeson in kinsey ) , brings a naievete and sensitivity to his role of lincoln . mary elizabeth winsted is a glowing mary todd lincoln and anthony mackie is fine as lincoln 's childhood friend . rufus sewell is evil incarnate as the head vampire . only dominic cooper as abe 's mentor seems ineffective in a one-note performance.go in with an open mind without expecting historical accuracy and you may enjoy this film for what it is -- -a bloody good horror flick .
= honest abe has an axe to grind
< bloody good

> after an attack from a french warship seriously damages his ship , captain jack aubrey is tron between duty and friendship . he must choose to carry out his orders or chase a virtual ghost across the sea . he embarks on a high speed chase where the stakes are the lives of his shipmates.this is a great movie . when i saw it i found out that it is a book series . it 's one of the few times that i read a book for a reason other than getting a grade . it 's actually a pretty extensive series . you need a shopping cart if you 're gon na go out and buy all the books . this movie is so intriguing that i ca n't believe a sequel has n't been made yet . this movie has everything . action , drama , suspense , and a bit of comedy . it gets your attention right off the bat and keeps it til the very end . it 's a magnificent film worth having .
= 2 thumbs up
< a great movie

> i dont know what all the hype is about surrounding m. night shyamalan 's films . so far ive seen signs and recently the village- neither of these films impressed me or scared me . this movie was long , boring and not at all scary . why is this man praised as a director ? he shoots scenes of the woods for like 10 min straight . yea , like that adds atmosphere . the monster in the red cape was laughable . the ending was so predictable and done before that you ask yourself is this it ? very long tedious and boring . uneventful , not scary . ridiculous dialoge . same with the ending in m. night shymalan 's signs . stay far away from m. night shyamalan 's films unless you want to be bored out of your mind .
= spookfest ? you got ta be kiddin me
< shyamalan 's films

> the moshi ivisor ag anti-glare screen protection for kindle fire does what it advertises : reduces glare . however , you get receive thin piece ( of what i 'll call plastic ) similar to other screen protectors i 've used in the past with the kindle fire.i was really surprised that it was so thin and fragile it is , considering how much it costs . the screen protector is easy to apply and remove , but at $ 25 , it 's rather steep for something not-so durable . i really do n't want to be harsh , but it 's like paying a fortune for a small piece of plastic used to cover/protect book in elementary schools , when you 'd normally pay $ 4.before you buy , please compare with other screen protectors .
= does what it advertises , but overpriced
< durable , but thin

> i get a lot of knitting magazines and just putting a post-it flag on a pattern means nothing to me a year later . these tabs are ideal for labeling pages `` sock pattern '' `` mohair scarf '' with enough information so i can jog my aging brain to find what i was looking for.these tabs are stiff enough to endure some abuse but not so heavy that they distort magazine pages . the writing area is just big enough to jot down enough information to be meaningful . they work well with pencil , ballpoint , rollerball and sharpie.the post-it `` glue '' also seems to leave nothing behind to marr what can end up being a valuable magazine . it 's pretty much a perfect product . thanks , 3m !
= perfect for organizing knitting patterns in magazines
< great for knitting magazines !

> another action packed ride from him with plot twists at every corner ! i thought the phone romance was sweet , and the fact that he had to abduct her to save her life ( while putting it at risk ) was also sweet , and crazy ! it was a nice and crazy high risk romance , just like the ones she was always reading anyways ! i half expected the ending to be her `` book '' , lol . but the movie was top notch , primo actors all around , nice storyline , lots of exploxions and a decent storylines . you ca n't go wrong with willis or freeman ! definitly pick it up if you have n't already , worth the watch !
= bruce willis is red hot as always !
< another great action ride !

> laine and noel are amazing together . this book is great with a wonderful story . these teenage lovers are brought back together four years after their breakup . noel is determined to do whatever it takes to get laine back . he uses her job to force her to work for his bands charity . laine is forced to live with the famous rock band for two weeks . in that time she realizes that she never stopped loving noel . they fall back in love and have to fight through a lie told by someone else to survive . loved all these characters . can not wait to read next book in series .
= great book
< loved it !

> within 2 days , my 6 year old had gobbled all of these and i ended up having to go buy a bunch of more boxes . i really enjoyed the quality of the taste of both the multigrain and sharp cheddar combined . i tried the other flavors , but this one was my daughter 's favorite . the only issue i had was that one package of crackers was kind of small compared to the cheaper type of sandwich crackers you can find in th store . overall , i highly recommend this product . adults will like it too .
= great product
< my daughter 's favorite

> my mother in law had an older dog and aside from the occasional table scraps has been eating the same food for a long time . it 's hard for me to imagine what it 's like for an animal to eat the same thing every day , years on end . the smell of this is n't the greatest to my human nose but her dog became super excited an ate much more enthusiastic that any time in recent memory . i think from now on we 'll keep an extra bag around to give the dog some variety .
= wonderful treat
< dog loves it

> these are excellent labels . they are easy to use and self adherent . you can grab them quickly and get the backing off easily . the size is perfect-not too big , not too small.the green and hot pink colors are bright and can be readily seen-even from across the room ! most people like to be better organized and these sticky removable label pads clearly assist in that goal.it is easy to label and catalog your papers and other items.these are readily affordable and easily available . you 'll wonder what you ever did without them before !
= great labels
< great labels !

> very pleasant , clean scent that is likely to appeal to everyone.the product itself is outstanding.since we have a small household , i find the bars last much longer than stated.due to their longevity , they not only save me time , but probably save me money.it 's very easy to slip the bar off when you need to dry microfiber or items that should not have fabric softener used . then slip the bar back into place and you 're ready for the rest of your laundry.fabulous invention !
= great scent
< pleasant scent , but not only save the longevity

> mio drink flavorings have no calories and are in small enough containers that you can carry them in your purse . the peach tea is delicious . it tastes like tea with a peachy flavor . i love all the mio products and they are a hit with me , especially now when i 'm dieting . i highly recommend this product for a thirst quencher . all you do is add a few drops to iced water and voila ! your drink is ready .
= peachy tea flavor and no calories
< delicious !

> these are very refreshing and minty . i love the bit of cookie crunch and the sweetness . if you 're having a urge for sweet , these will do the trick . i like them ! ! ! no after taste , but high in calorie.make sure you read the ingredients before you buy because they contain wheat , soy and milk . if you have peanut allergies , it says that they are manufactured on equipment which processes peanut , nut trees .
= sweet and minty too ... ..
< very refreshing

> i tried some of these this morning with coffee and fresh organic strawberries . they were really good.they start with a bit of a crunch , then , inside they are slightly softer and very apple-y.the package i received was only good for 90 days , which seems a bit short . but they are organic and have no preservatives . and that is extremely noteworthy.what a great snack !
= really tasty !
< great start !

> these k-cups work perfectly in our keurig . the sweet tea is a little bit sweet , but not too sweet for me . though some family members would need to add extra sugar to their cup , we are in the south after all and here sweet tea is supposed to be sweet . if you want just a touch of sweetness this is the flavor for you .
= sweet , but not too sweet
< sweet and sweet

> wow , this snack really satisfies the sweet tooth ! very simple ingredients and no sugar added , all organic and tasty , oh so tasty . we like the crunchiness and the pack to go . too bad the bag is so small . i hope amazon can put some packages together with several bags at a better price . it would be really convenient .
= sweet and tasty
< delicious !

> few things are as comfortable as brand spanking new sheets . the thread count is sufficiently high enough to make these moderately prices sheets a true value for the money.i was able to have them on the bed for two weeks before having to refresh them . i was surprised that even after washing , they still maintained every bit of their comfy feeling .
= comfy
< great for the price

> back to nature offers a 100 % natural graham cracker featuring wheat flour and rolled oats for a tempting taste flavored by honey and cinnamon . they are a great choice for meals and snacks . highly recommended to those choosy eaters for whom natural ingredients matter .
= an all-natural treat ...
< a great choice for choosy

> this book is awesome and a fast read . i love rush & blair 's . i ca n't wait to read the next book .
= awesome !
< loved it !

> avery is strong . things start to look like things might work out to just be slap back to reality without a thought .
= so good
< good

> i was first sort of impressed by the idea of how this product works - i do n't know who invented it or which company came out with it first , but i had n't seen it before . upon examination , i was definitely impressed with the strong dual-button spring mechanism used to detach the two pieces ( this is the type of quality i have come to know from oxo ) and how strong the ratcheting part seemed to be despite the fact that everything is plastic ( some plastics are stronger than some metals in some applications , but there is a bad reputation that helps one to discriminate ... ) .but , i was very skeptical that it would work well , especially after examining the size of my first pineapple . i did n't apply equal pressure the entire time i was ratcheting the tool into the fruit , and i was afraid the slices would be uneven , but the design of the cutting piece made it work : it is perfectly uniform . and it was easy despite that there is no sharp metal.there is some fruit left behind in the cylinder and the piece you have to cut off the top , but you get all the best fruit in rings . if you want to make full use of the fruit , you can use the rest for a drink or for something that does n't require the very impressive slices ( like eating it all right then and there ) .i almost gave it four stars because i would really prefer metal , but they do have a stainless version , and this plastic version is quite reasonably priced . quality to price ratio does deserve five stars . and honestly , i 'm not really sure i need metal : plastic wo n't rust . stainless should n't , but sometimes impure fasteners do.i see myself consuming more pineapples in the future .
= to increase my pineapple consumption
< works well , but not great

> let us first get the negatives out of the way : ( 1 ) yes , you may find that the book is not about & quot ; anything much. & quot ; if you are the sort of person who wishes to tie a novel to a chair and force a definitive plot out of it , then you 'll be disappointed . ( 2 ) martel usually gets into a refrain about theological banalities , and for me , they were a bit difficult to trudge through without skimming . good news is , you wo n't miss much even if you skim past such sections ( only a few of them . ) ( 3 ) the book admittedly drags a little at the end.that said , i have to confess that this brilliant long-story debut from martel is a tour-de-force in contemporary fiction . apart from his extraordinary command of language -- imagine a full-fledged novel without any discernible plot that still manages to grab you by the scruff of your neck for 300 odd pages -- the situations that his narrative veers around are both original and whacky , so you can expect frequent traces of restrained but intelligent humor , and almost a persistent undercurrent of themes that evoke ruminations.but the thing that shines above all are its lovable characters , who are suffused with such neotenous wonder that reading about them is a fresh experience , a sparkling look at our habitual assumptions about religion , about zoos and the wilderness , about the ambiguous bounds of freedom , or even about -- gulp ! -- god.almost anyone with a heart and a flair for thought can savour this novel . do yourself a favor and get a piece of this pi . or share it with someone you love , it 'd make for a very thoughtful gift..
= absolutely magical
< a tour-de-force in contemporary fiction

> as my husband and i were going into see wall-e tonight a police officer who was in front of the movie theatre said to us `` you 'll love it . i loved it , my mom loved it . you 'll feel all the emotions there are -- laughing , crying , everything . '' i was a bit skeptical that an animated film could really have all of these things -- not just shadows of adult emotions -- but i was wrong , she really summed it up.my husband and i both really enjoyed wall-e. it did n't matter that there was n't a lot of dialogue or that the humans were portrayed in an unflattering light ( no disney princesses here ! ) . all of the emotions were displayed through the actions of the characters , and the animators did a wonderful job of creating a powerful narrative.that being said , i do n't know if i agree with the reviewers who say that this is a good movie for kids . like last summer 's ratatouille , which my 4 year old niece said was `` gross '' , wall-e lacks lovable , cuddly characters , and is filled with the underside of life , in wall-e 's case , lots of trash leftover from human consumption . the couple of children that were in the showing i saw seemed bored during key parts of the movie ( they were probably about 3 and 7 ) and afterwards were complaining to their parents.i would recommend this movie to adults and older children , but i would caution parents of very young children that this may not be the movie for them . this is more than a kids movie with adult themes , it is an animated adult film .
= wall-e is a great adult film
< a great movie for kids

> wow ! ! ! can i get a cup of whatever is in the water over there because there are some hot guys in this book ? geez , this is a mixture of awwww and wth : - ( ... the subject matter kind of pissed me off on behalf of avery . no one deserves that s*** and i do n't care who knows it . i was a little annoyed with her but towards the end i sympathized with her situation . if there is no one to help you is it really your fault if you do n't trust anyone ... nope and cam seriously that guy has it going on within this book because he did n't have to stick with it but he did it and that is some serious s*** ... ok the author nailed some serious stuff in this book and did it flawlessly well i believe it anyway . it could have been insensitive and blamed the victim instead she took nuetral territory which is hard especially on these types of topics . she made it so the reader could decide which side to be on and that is remarkable.overall the story drew me in and the characters made me stay which is a rare things and i know since i am totally obsessed with books ... i liked it the only change would have been avery 's character only because she could have given in a little sooner and made it more climatic ... not saying i am right or wrong just saying overall
= flawlessly written
< wow ! ! !

> without going into story details , i will just say that , yes , remy has issues . ones that can be life altering , but he more than makes up for them with the way he gives brooke all of his love and devotion to the point of pain , literally . he says things and does things to her and for her that will put him in near the top of my book crushes . even something as his sharing of his ipod playlist with her will make you swoon.. brooke is a smart , strong , very strong , heroine here . she too gives it her all when it comes to her devotion to remy and his issues . together they melt the pages and my heart and i am thrilled that the author did n't leave us in a bad place , while we await the sequel . extremely emotional , engaging , suspenseful , steamy and wonderful . you will not want to miss the next one , because if i can get more of my remy fix , i 'm gon na be there the minute it 's released .
= oh . my . god . remy is amazing ! !
< remy is a must read !

> this was rivetting , even though it has some serious story flaws ( what movies do n't these days ? ) . it creates suspense and intrigue while causing the audience to care about the main characters who we want to see make it through this terrible ordeal.the idea of a virus of rage may be surreal but it allows the movie to show how some people even w/o the virus behave as rageful animals toward other humans while others behave with compassion . it also makes me look at all of the violence i absorb into my mind and how it affects me.although there are no big stars in this movie , it is well done . like trainspotting , by the same director , it is disturbing at times to watch but also rewarding at times . it shows the best and worst of humanity.with all that said , it is gruesome and has horrible scenes that are not appropriate for the young or those who do not like to watch horror.you will think about this one afterwards ! !
= a thriller not for the squeamish
< a very , disturbing , suspense , and , and , and

> martin scorcese 's epic tale of the rise and fall of small-time mafioso henry hill ( ray liotta ) and his associates is riveting storytelling that is often as densely packed with information about the details and culture of mob life as a documentary . as a boy , hill aspires to the power and wealth of the wiseguys he sees around the neighborhood . as he rises through the ranks , accumulating money , power , and a beautiful wife ( lorraine bracco ) , scorcese shows us how seductive this lifestyle can be . yet he never flinches from its basic brutality and the thuggish mindset that money can not change . in the end , the concept of honor among theives is shown to be a lie , a self-aggrandizing fiction that lasts only as long as it coincides with self-interest . this is perhaps scorcese 's best film and benefits enormously from complex , important supporting performances from long-time scorcese accomplices robert deniro and joe pesci .
= perhaps scorcese 's best film
< the best film of the year

> if you think of this movie as a combination of zorro and 1984 you 'll have a pretty good idea of what it 's like . a lone crusader single handedly fights a corrupt , vicious , repressive totalitarian government . and he does it mainly with knives and swords rather than guns ( although there is the occasional explosion ) . in the beginning , the sheep-like populace seems oblivious to the situation ; so the question is , will they wake up ? hugo weaving ( matrix , cloud atlas ) is superb as the man behind the mask , and natalie portman is excellent in the female lead . john hurt is convincing as the evil dictator . with strong characterizations , fine acting all around , a commanding story and plot , a sobering political message , and a taught script , this movie , which i do n't recall getting much play when it was first released , more than exceeded my expectations .
= superb
< a good movie , but not great

> with packaging which indicates essentia water has been purified and that electrolytes have been added `` for taste '' , the foundation for the health benefit ( `` boosts the antioxidant properties of your immune system '' ) of this water over filtered tap water or other bottled waters is unclear . taste is , of course , personal , and to me this water tastes like tap water ! i just used it in my water bottle during a run , and ca n't say i noticed any increased endurance on my usual course.all that said , with amazon prime , a dozen 1-1/2 liter bottles can be delivered to your door , without additional shipping charges , for less than $ 30. , which would be a reasonable price for ordinary tap water , so there 's no reason not to choose essentia , so long as you do n't have unreasonable expectations for its health benefits .
= good drinking water , need more information about the health claims
< water over filtered water and electrolytes !

> brilliant ! this is my favorite series . it was a wild & crazy rollercoaster ride of emotions and i loved every word of it . this one actually had me at one point laughing so hard i dropped my kindle and then i was crying . it makes me sad that this is the end of jesse & ava but i can always go back and read them again , which i will . i could n't figure how it was all going to end but it had me guessing and guessing wrong each time . this story takes you through all the emotions of a great love story and you will not be disappointed when you are finished . the ending was beautiful , it just shows that the whole trilogy was absolutely perfect . jodi ellen malpas had become my all time favorite author and i loved being on central jesse cloud nine .
= absolutely brilliant !
< brilliant !

> spigen 's slim armor case for the iphone 5 is a two piece case that protects your iphone while looking good . the molded rubber shell serves to absorb impact in case you drop your phone and the plastic portion adds a nice contrast and higher-quality look and feel . because there are two pieces , it 's possible you may have to take the case apart to clean it thoroughly . also , despite the name , this case is not very slim ; it is thick enough that instead of the buttons for volume being accessible , rubber buttons are mounted on top so you can still access the controls . overall , this case will protect your phone well and looks nice , but it adds extra bulk and i do n't like how the volume buttons get covered by rubber volume buttons .
= extra rugged
< nice case for the iphone 5

> these are very well made and very useful scissors for everyday office needs . they seem ideally suited for small , precise cuttings rather than for cuttings of larger items . at first they felt very light and flimsy in my hand , but after i used them for a while i came to appreciate how their design was helpful for the kinds of jobs they were intended for . the rubberized handles give you a very comfortable grip . i used them to cut some very precise paper shapes , and they performed flawlessly . i had much more control over what i was cutting than with my other `` regular '' scissors . they can also be used for artwork or other small projects . this is another one of high-quality scotch products that makes everyday tasks just a notch more efficient .
= perfect scissors for small office jobs
< very useful scissors

> regardless of age , this is a great read . very clever . the author does a excellent job with the characters , format and grammar . i 've never being interested in 'bad boys ' but damn , cash , hot , hot , hot ! makes me want to take a walk on the wild side ! i would n't worry about the other comments about the cheating , it was those comments that put me off buying this book repeatably , until i 'd thought i 'd give it a try . so glad i did . you wo n't be disappointed . one thing though to the author - put up your prices , you deserve to be paid for your hard work . well done . now what 's keeping the sequel - ca n't wait - hurry ! !
= brilliant !
< great read !

> love this concept and this product . i got the jewel tone pack , which looks richer in person than on my computer screen . very nice colors . someone else described the weight as being like 2 pieces of cardstock -- i would n't go that far . it 's a little thinner than cardstock.the darker colors did show minor oily fingerprints where i pressed on them , and i do n't love the white core because it means you have to be really precise with your cuts or the white will show through on the edges . aside from that , this is a great product that eliminates the need for messy glue and trying to get the perfect coverage with a glue stick . my preschooler and i will have lots of fun making crafts with this pack !
= versatile and fun
< great concept , great for messy glue

> our dogs ' diet is largely people food as my brother spends his day cooking . however , we always put out a bowl of good dry dog food for them when they are n't interested in our meals ( been on a low red meat quick lately to keep the cholesterol under control ) .although the ingredients are n't quite as good as the premium brand i 've been giving them , i certainly do n't consider it poison as some reviewers have stated . if soybeans are good enough for menopausal women , why would you think it 's going to harm your dog ? it might cause bloating but it wo n't kill them.so i give it a three as adequate and the dogs seemed to enjoy it .
= our dogs ate it fine
< good for menopausal women

> i do n't have an infant , but i wanted to be clear that this is not a product for infants . it is hard and breaks into smaller pieces which could cause choking . it is packaged like other snacks for infants , and it sounds like them too , but it is very different.as for value , this is 4 servings according to the package , but is really a single serving for an adult or two servings for a kid ( at the most ) .the taste is easy to describe . take an apple chip and dip it in rolled oats . crunchy and appley ! overall , this is a decent product .
= good , but not a good value and not for infants
< crunchy and easy to describe

> we love cashews and as we have teenagers always have a jar of them on the counter for quick snacks so i was very interested to try these flavored cashews.the first handful was great . the seasoning is nice but if you have more then one handful the flavors become too strong really fast . a few of our teens tried them out also and had the same feedback.if they had had just a bit less seasoning we would have all liked them much better . if i were to get them again , i 'd mix them with the same amount of regular cashews which would be just about the right amount of seasoning for me .
= tasty ... almost too tasty
< great taste , but not great

> the second installment of thor delivers the goods . the production values , performances and story are surprisingly good for a sequel . it manages to avoid descending into camp and provides plenty of action for audiences . refreshingly , the 3d cgi is intelligently used and enhances the entertainment value for the audience . this action-adventure fantasy combines multiple genres with a touch of comedy and it works surprisingly well . my only complaint is that it is relatively light on blood and violence ( probably due to the pg-13 rating ) . you get the 3d blu-ray , blu-ray and a digital hd copy in this 2-disc release.buy this 3d blu-ray .
= thor : the dark world
< thor

> i can only give this razor and bikini trimmer three stars because while i like the razor and it works very well i 'm not so excited about the trimmer . to turn the trimmer on you have to hold down a button and keep holding the button the entire time . this can be tricky in a wet shower . also , the trimmer only seems designed for long hair and does n't get close enough to the skin to be very useful . i even removed the comb to see if i could get a closer trim and it did n't seem to help.~the rebecca review
= the razor works great but ...
< works well , but trimmer only seems to be very useful

> this is one of those products that always seem to get misplaced or you need a longer one . running down to the local radio shack is almost always a practice in sticker shock ... they are helpful and have the item but oh how you will pay for that convenience ! that brings me to this review - it 's a cable and it does what it is meant to do without any fuss . i like the 10 foot length - not that short but not ridiculously long either . all in all , gets the job done so why pay more ?
= does the job ... why pay more ?
< works well , but does what it says it is

> i found the lamma loe supreme 1500 series bed sheet set to be soft and attractive , providing a tight , wrinkle free fit . i also like the light brown / mocha coloring which conveys a visually rich looking texture to the overall appearance of the bedroom . i 'm no expert on bed sheets but they do feel a little on the thin side so longevity may eventually come into question , but for the moment i 'm more than satisfied . the buying price seems more than fair to me as well .
= to sleep is to dream
< soft and attractive

> the beginning of the story moved slowly - how aria was sold to braith and feeling uncertain and constrained in her new environment . the story then began to pick up in the latter part where we learned why braith chose her to be his blood slave when he never had one in the past , introduction of his brothers and the growing attraction between aria and braith . looking at the long list of books on my to-read list , i am uncertain whether i would pursue this series
= slow beginning
< i am hooked

> the first book of the series have freya and greg story . freya the beautiful sexy graphics designer has lost her muse and needs a hot date to redesign it . she decides to take a personal ad in order to accomplish the deed , as long as he is not a lawyer . enter greg the hunky lawyer from upstairs , who she wo n't even look after she found out he is a lawyer . great star up for the series . next is eve 's turn .
= perfect for you ( laurel heights book 1 )
< great star up

> everything has already been said about this latest installment of the batman enterprise . who knew someone could give jack nicholason a run for his money on his interpetation of the joker ? everything is here , viewers : good script , great direction and top notch cgi . you 'll want to watch this a couple of times to catch all the politcal nuiances-whether you agree with them or not . just pop you some popcorn , kick up your feet and enjoy .
= still good
< the best of the batman

> this is an energy drink lost in the crowd . it 's not bad but it had nothing to set it apart from the others flooding the market these day . the taste is a winner - the apple flavor really pops . i found this flavor natural as opposed the the artificial undertones of the strawberry/banana in this product line . at only 90 calories it 's a good choice for an afternoon pick-me-up .
= apple flavor pops
< lost in the crowd

> secret clinical is great . i love the light and fresh scent , very nice smelling . the protection is great . i felt dry and no odor but it was still gentle on skin . i surprised that it was not irritating and did n't make me feel dried out . secret has always been a trusted brand for me and the clinical strength is no exception.highly recommend .
= great smell , great protection
< great protection

> we use it on nachos , burritos , chili , tacos and our barbequed chicken and rice - thick but pourable and not overwhelming the food hot . and the ingredients are pure and simple they had me at hello : vinegar , water , habanero peppers , jalapeno peppers , red japanese chili peppers , more peppers , salt , mojo ( lol ! ) , and spices
= keeper !
< pure !

> i could n't wait for this book to be released and now that i 've read it ... .i could n't be more happy with the way it all came together . this has been a very intense series touching on some really difficult topics along with two people finding love . the author did a great job with the characters and storyline . highly recommend .
= absolutely wonderful
< loved it !

> the one and only psycho ! first of all , the shower scene is n't the scariest scene of the movie , and would future reviewers quit putting spoilers in their reviews . this is an incredible film , full of jolts , great suspense , and amazing acting . you just have to see this . watch it alone in the dark !
= a horror masterpiece ! !
< the one of the best !

> beautiful story . this had the most wonderful male hero i 've ever read . so sweet and everything he said i swooned or blushed lol . anything samantha towle writes is pure magic .
= wonderful !
< beautiful story

> i loved all of runaway train stories.i would recommend this book to everyone its great.i ca n't wait for the next book also .
= wow
< loved it

> a beautifully written story with characters that immediately draw you into their lives . i ca n't wait to read more and more .
= beautiful
< beautiful

> for starters , the extended version of this film is no improvement on the original version of `` the exorcist '' nor does it hurt it . the additions are just redundant . so much could have gone wrong ( see subsequent sequels or rather , do n't ) and this film could have been exploitation crap . fortunately , under the able direction of william friedkin from a script by the book 's author william peter blatty it is not . forget the more sensational aspects of the film ( the head-turning , the projectile vomiting , the over-the-top obsenity ) where this film scares most is on a psycholological level . the film takes pains to explain the psychological and theological aspects of satanic possession . the mood of the film is enhanced by great cinematography , particularly it 's chilly , damp georgetown setting . no film that i can recall has utilized sound to elicit chills like this one does . there is a superb cast here led by ellen burstyn as the distraught mother , chris macneil . central to the film is jason miller 's performance as father damien karras , a church psychologist who is experiencing doubt in his chosen calling . it is this character that adds heft to most of the film . max von sydow is effectively authorative as father merrin , the priest who had encountered satanic possession before and was almost killed by the experience . it 's difficult to gauge the contribution of linda blair because of her age i believe doubles were utilized for the more intense sequences her character , regan , was in . for instance , actress mercedes mccambridge contributed the voice of regan in the latter stages of possession .
= possess this film
< the extended version of the exorcist

> a little heat , a little sweet , and a little smoke . these three elements are perfectly blended together in fischer & wieser razzpotle roasted raspberry chipotle sauce . taste it straight out of the bottle , just a little dab on your finger . all three tastes are clear and present , mixing delightfully on your tongue . pour it over a brick of cream cheese and spread it on a cracker . the cheese adds a creaminess to the sauce , gently calming ( but not eliminating ) the heat . truly excellent as a glaze for pork - my family gobbled it up.both kids , ages 3 and 11 , come back for multiple helpings whenever we use fischer & wieser razzpotle roasted raspberry chipotle sauce . that in itself screams volumes . my husband and i both agree that this sauce is delicious . and we ca n't wait to try it in other ways . my husband is thinking up new recipes as we speak . fischer & wieser razzpotle roasted raspberry chipotle sauce enhances the flavor of whatever we use it on.some people have complained about the raspberry seeds . while they do n't particularly bother me , i can see that fischer & wieser razzpotle roasted raspberry chipotle sauce could be even nicer without them . if you really ca n't stand them , run the sauce through a strainer . it will be worth the extra effort.go ahead and try fischer & wieser razzpotle roasted raspberry chipotle sauce . i guarantee , it will razzle-dazzle you .
= one word - delicious !
< delicious and delicious

> i 've only watched the unrated version of the 40 year old virgin so i ca n't compare it to its original theatrical release.the film actually felt like two stories.the first half focused on the relationship between andy the virgin ( perfectly played by steve carrell ) and his hilarious co-workers at the electronics store . each character has his or her own personality and funny take on andy 's dilemma and the scenes where they try to `` help '' relieve him of his condition work very well . ( the drunk driver scene was great ) .the second half developed the relationship between andy and catherine keener 's character . ( is this the first film where catherine keener plays such a lovable , less-severe character ? she does it extremely well ) . although i thought the final musical number was silly , i liked the overall feel of this movie.in today 's mocking and very crude comedies , i expected the filmmakers to heap massive amounts of shame and humiliation on the character of a 40 year old virgin , but i liked the way they handled everything . i also thought it was well written : just about everything in it connects to something sooner or later , so some thought went into the screenplay -- and how many comedies can you say that about these days ? ( i also liked the michael mcdonald dvd that 's constantly played in the electronics store too ... which i have ... but i 'm not a virgin ... . )
= better than most modern comedies
< i 'm not a virgin fan ... .

> i remember seeing this as a child , perhaps 45 years ago . it embedded itself in my imagination and nurtured a fascination with history that has survived in me to this day . i wanted to get it for my kids , who are europeans ( by residence and character ) quite distanced from american history . so a viewing would introduce them to many notions , i hoped , and questions that they would want to answer for themselves . happily , it did and was also fun to watch for all of us.this film evokes a historical period with the beauty of a laser : the old south was about to vanish in an ill-advised war of attrition with the industrial north . against this backdrop , you get a dazling array of characters , from scarlett to melly . they are complex characters complete with flaws and hidden agendas that are often not spelled out . i was happy to observe that , although there are some stereotypes and unquestioned assumptions , the depth is largely intact in spite of the age of the film . this in my view justifies its status as one of the indisputed true hollywood classics . that being said , it did have some melodramatic twists that clearly dated the film , but its emotions remained indisputably hot and relevant.recommended with the greatest enthusiasm . we will watch this many more times , as a family , with all the challenges of lively interpretation .
= psychological portrait of a key historical period
< a fun family film

> i have not seen any of the lord of the rings movies and probably never will , just not my thing , but i was all ears when i heard that jackson was remaking the legendary kong film which , in my opinion was due for an update . so here i sit in the theater and everyone is quiet and the film starts and the film ends and i 'm left with this feeling of pure happiness . it was the most fun i 've had in the theater in a long time . i mean , do n't get me wrong , this year has n't been without some great movies , but this was a little of everything ... it was funny , emotional , dramatic , creepy and moving all at the same time . watts was great as ann , brody was decent , black was great and kong was freaking amazing ... he was the best actor in the bunch . he was funning and emotional and damn near brought everyone to tears . don ; t listen to people who dog it or say it was too long ... it was just right . it did the origional much deserved justice and stands alone as one of the best epics to grace the screen in a long time . cgi was amazing , script was tight and the directing was brilliant . jackson should get a nod , maybe a win ... see this movie !
= one of the best remakes of all time !
< the best kong movie ever !

> `` i am legend '' is a very enjoyable post apocalyptic `` zombie '' movie that only bears a mild resemblance to the matheson original story , i am legend . will smith puts in a good performance in the lead as dr. robert neville , who is perhaps the last `` normal '' human on earth after a highly contagious virus sweeps the us and possibly the world . being the last man on earth and perhaps the only person who could find a cure for the many infected humans ( aka fast zombies ) is a huge burden for the good doctor , who has settled into a bit of routine of trying to gather supplies , capture test subjects , and practicing his golf long game.a lot of the story is told through flashback and there are truly some moving scenes that add to the drama and provide insight to the deteriorating mindset of dr. neville . the action is fairly evenly paced , with some heart pounding moments scattered throughout . the special effects range from cheesy to very good , but hold up when needed.this movie does a great job of setting the mood of the isolation and fear that dr. neville experiences and is a quite watchable horror flick ... i just think it could have been named something else and would have been just as good.recommended ! cfh
= enjoyable pseudo-horror flick - recommended !
< enjoyable post apocalyptic `` zombie ''

> oblivion is one of those movies where so many scenes are a potential bathroom break and if it were edited more aggressively could have been collapsed down to about an hour . the film opens on a 2 minute voice over from tom explaining things to the audience , followed by a dialog desert for the next 30 minutes , then it twists into a frenzied , quasi love story that taps into total recall territory . it 's a strangely soulness film , presumably to reflect the loneliness of living in the new world 's reality , but as a result it 's hard to connect to any of the major characters.aside from the beautiful apartment in the sky that would send anyone with vertigo into a constant state of anxiety , the production design is fairly derivative of other sci-fi ( total recall , wall-e , the matrix , etc . ) without giving too much away , there are fairly major plot holes and when they finally drop the big surprise , it 's pretty clear that somebody thought that ripping off `` moon '' as an action film would be a good idea . although oblivion looks good and it 's a little more introspective than a typical cruise blockbuster , it 's ultimately a bit vapid and is easily forgettable .
= the blockbuster version of moon
< a bit too much of a sci-fi film

> i enjoyed this book , let me say that first . it was really good . maybe i 'm getting a little burned out on vampires and witches and paranormal , but i felt like i have read 20 books just like this in the past couple of years . yes , there was some uniqueness going on with the cross species and throwing a bit of a curve later on in the book , but the middle of it was so tedious that getting to the end nearly did n't happen.honestly , had i not been so invested in the characters , i would have likely stopped reading it . much of the middle third of the book does very little to move the story forward . i 'm always also a little confused by the vampire romance thing too . i get the mystery and all that , but they 're always described as being cold . dude , i do n't want anything stone cold cuddling up to me at night.having said all of that , it was very well written ( just needed more editing ) and it was an excellent story , that just had a little too much of the popular genre stuff these days.recommended for paranormal fans , especially vampire and witches with a little romance tossed in .
= too long of a disovery , but well done ...
< good read , but not great

> this is an interesting film which maintains a fine dark gothic feel , blended with elements of the modern thrown in for good measure as well . they could have just called it `` vampires vs werewolfs '' , because essentially this just takes the idea from aliens vs predators and transposes it for use with two of the best known gothic horror icons.where it lets itself down is the lack of character development . yes it has plenty of action . you certainly wo n't be dissapointed on that front . after a while though you know when you see a lot of people walking purposefully , that they are going to end up in one hell of a fight with or without guns and it happens over and over . in the end i really did n't what happened to any of the characters ... one clear influence is the matrix . the start of the film is almost a direct copy of a famous scene from that film . many of the characters walk around in long black leather coats which is also a matrix influence . that said this does have a considerable amount of style and i will be quite happy to watch this again .
= clever but souless
< interesting film , but not great

> fifteen pounds of dog food -- and a yorkie who suggests i keep it in the bag where it obviously belongs . in her defense , i should add that this is a dog who has been raised on dry dog food ( and the occasional bit of cat chow and hamburger when she can snag a morsel ) , so her opinion is not based on the difference between kibble and canned food.looking at the ingredients , i am not surprised at her lack of enthusiasm . the first ingredient is yellow corn meal , with corn gluten meal coming in at third place . chicken byproduct meal is also in the top ingredients . and i 'm still looking for real meat -- the kind that dogs go for . certainly , this product has lots of vitamins and minerals , plus fish oil , so there are ingredients to be pleased about , but , on the whole , those vitamins and minerals wo n't do much good if the dog goes on a hunger strike . so it 's back to the expensive stuff for this yorkie . glad she does n't eat like a great dane !
= yorkie somewhat less than enthusiastic
< yorkie likes it !

> omega-3s are all the rage in nutrition and while i generally try and get mine through eggs , flax and other grains , i figured trying a supplement could n't hurt . the jarrow formulas phosphomega-3 soft tabs seem adequate , although i have to confess , i do n't have any way of measuring their effect , not being on any particular diet regimen or monitoring program . like many vitamin or dietary supplement users , i 'm just taking it as a matter of faith that these have a beneficial effect -- they certainly do n't seem to have any bad side effects . in general , i thing a holistic approach is best -- is we see beneficial effects of certain chemicals from certain foods , it 's probably best to ingest them in the foods themselves , since there may be other chemicals at play . but failing that , pills can be okay . this jarrow formula at least has a more complex mix of chems , not just one thing taken in isolation . good for days when i do n't have the time to make oatmeal with flax or eggs .
= seems like an okay product
< good for a nutrition

> i was given a few different boxes of tampons to compare them with one another . while i found the sport tampon to be more comfortable i would more than likely use the gentle glide more often than the sport . the absorbency on the super was good with absolutely no leaks . the applicator and string seemed to be well made . i did n't feel like i was going to lose it and have to go searching for it . i never really feel comfortable wearing a tampon as it feels invasive to me , but when i do opt for a tampon playtex has always been my go to product . the applicator is comfortable , easy , and there is one , if you understand my meaning.the one suggestion i would make is for the packaging to somehow be made to discretely throw the used tampon away . i live in an area dominated by septics and poor plumbing so flushing is n't an option and the alternative is not very attractive .
= comfortable and absorbant
< no leaks

> first , a confession . i typically do n't drink flavored coffee , especially after learning that most flavored coffee is artificially flavored and usually is made with inferior beans . still , i like most starbucks coffee and welcomed their new take on flavored coffee . opening up the bag , it smells wonderful and you can see small pieces of vanilla bean in with the coffee . i make my coffee fairly strong in a braun drip pot . i found this coffee has some vanilla taste , but such an unpleasant aftertaste that i will finish the bag i have , but will not likely buy any more . i do n't think they make this at their stores , so unfortunately you have to try a while bag to decide if you like it or not .
= natural flavoring does n't equal better flavoring
< not bad , but not great

> i was pleasantly surprised by this drink . it really does n't have any added sugar , and the flavor is very natural . the carbonation is light , so if you 're looking for something with a lot of kick , this might not suit you . but i think it compliments the fruit flavor nicely.two things took me aback : first , that the can was just a bit over 8oz , which is small for those of us used to normal-size carbonated beverage cans . and second , in spite of having no added sugar , it 's really quite sweet . i found it almost too sweet for my taste.it 's a nice change from soda , but given the amount you get for the price , i do n't think it 's a great deal .
= surprisingly good
< sweet and sweet

> i only got to drink one cup of this to make this review , but i thought it tasted great . what i like about good coffee flavor is that earthy , rich coffee taste that comes from quality coffee and just being fresh brewed . i tested this right after the coffee maker had finished so it was as fresh as it could be . i like a little honey and fresh cream in mine and i was sad i only got to have just one cup . i had to share with others at home and they all liked it as well . i could n't tell if anything tasted different since it is supposed to be low acid . it tasted like regular coffee to me .
= good tasting coffee
< great coffee flavor

> j.r. ward 's third entry in the black dagger brotherhood series brings us the history of zsadist , arguably the most tortured hero of the whole romance genre , and bella , the high-ranking female who loves him enough to cope with his inner and outer demons . frankly , the pain might put some people off , but as the book continues with the writer 's clever subplots and secondary characters , i urge you to stick with it . you know that romance will win , but what about all those other vampires and humans that we are coming to know as our own ? do n't miss any details , and get ready to dive into the next volume in this enthralling series .
= the ultimate tortured hero
< zsadist , zsadist , and bella

> i had already purchased this at the store ( and the light scent one too ) so was happy to see it here . love this . keeps me dry all day , from first thing in the morning until bedtime at night . even when i 'm out in the heat of the day doing gardening i stay dry and that takes a lot . the sweat rolls off my head but not from under my arms . very light scent and really not noticeable at all . i wear dark shirts often and this never leaves a mark . goes on smooth and you need only go over the area once and it 's enough . this is also water proof .
= secret clinical strength advanced solid
< love it !

> 3m scotch is a long time trusted brand in our office . we reach for it when just about any office supply is needed . these precision scissors do not disappoint . with a lightweight feel and comfy grip , they easly take you through craft projects with paper , cloth , ribbon or cardboard . i even used it to do an at-home hair trim for the kids . the stainless steel blades are razor sharp , so keep them away from the little ones . the 8-inch length is a perfect kitchen , desk or classroom size for all around use . i highly recommend it at such an affordable price , and it comes with a limited lifetime warranty .
= good , dependable scissors
< 3m precision scissors

> i loved this book . the subject was well researched , and 3 stories of the main character are being told at one time ( it is not confusing ) . it is a reminder to forgive , never give up , and it is never too late to refresh a relationship . i do n't want to spoil the book . it also is a much needed reminder of a difficult history of our country and how fear can make us act without thinking of the individual , how hateful racism is no matter what the basis is . this is a gem of a book and i can not wait to share ot woth friends .
= the best book i had read in a while
< a must read

> this movie was a lot better than i was expecting . mixing the western and sci-fi genre was a smart idea . it had good action , and interesting characters . daniel craig stars as a mysterious man named jake lonergan who has no idea what happened to him or why he has a metal bracelet on his arm . after running into colonel woodrow dolarhyde , the town is attacked by aliens and take their kin . the survivors decide to track the aliens down and save their loved ones , or die trying . if you want a different style of sci-fi/western , you 'll love cowboys & aliens ! ! !
= an awesome fun ride ! ! !
< a lot better than i was expecting

> i was intrigued by the idea of a high ph water . i have trouble with acidity , having 2 conditions which are aggravated by high-acid water , however , i ca n't say i really liked this water , or found it much different in taste than my regular spring water . true , it is high ph , but , i neither found it especially refreshing nor much different in taste than tap water . although it was interesting to try , i do n't see me gong out of my way to buy this or see much difference in taste to make it worth switching .
= ok , but would n't seek this out
< not bad , but not great

> how well does it work ? i do n't know how well it repels critters . because the spray just wo n't spray . i hear a motor running but nothing comes out the business end . tried pressing that trigger for a few minutes with this result , then gave up.do the batteries need changing ? i dunno . i assume they have qa in place to prevent units from being shipped with old batteries . is it clogged ? dunno . kind of strange to have it clog at first use , but it 's possible . am i teed off ? yes .
= no spray
< i do n't know how it work ?

> this is not the kind of cereal that would ever be a staple in our house but the kids liked it well enough . the texture is good and does n't get slimy like cheerios does after sitting in the milk for a bit . kind of an airy , crunchy puff . it was sweet enough that the kids enjoyed it without pouring on extra sugar but not so sweet that i could n't sit down and eat a bowl myself . i would definitely consider buying it on occasion in the future .
= pretty good
< kids liked it

> this ultimate adventure , one of the few worthy remakes of a classic , is just about perfect.literally fantastic story and astonishing images . plus kong , a great primeval beast that evokes fear , wonder and empathy.there 's an amazing commentary that is actually worth listening to . and a slew of informative extras.this must-have blu-ray version is not only the `` eighth wonder of the world '' but a wonder of filmmaking.if you are new to blu-ray , here 's the place to start for the visceral experience hi-def can deliver .
= ultimate adventure better than ever in blu-ray
< the best blu-ray of the year

> to say that this book is amazing is an understatement . i honestly ca n't think of another book that left me feeling the way that this one has . it was one hell of an emotional roller coaster . but the ending ... . that 's it ! ! ! what kind of ending is that . i need more than that . i really liked the book but the end was rushed .
= great book , ending not so much ... .
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i 'm somewhat picky when it comes to workout/running shirts . this is one of my favorites . it is lightweight and made of very soft material . it feels very comfortable to wear and seems to be be able to wick away moisture pretty well . when i go to pick out a shirt from my workout drawer , this is the one i reach for first .
= outstanding workout shirt
< great for picky shirts

> i really liked jaxon he brought honesty to the story . i enjoyed his side of the story without it hurting the story . i empathize with his situation . sara has a troubled situation . jaxon saved her and in return had a friend for life . their story is troubled and emotional . i enjoyed it and ca n't wait to read the next chapter .
= intriguing
< jaxon

> this is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen , although some of it is profane . especially loved the scene with trump towers , on the new york subway and when borat tries to check into a hotel . i could n't stop laughing . when you need a humorous escape , you might enjoy this . but nothing is sacred in this movie .
= funny but profane
< the best of the movie

> my two beefs are they are priceier and harder to get you child to wear them . why ? no flashy characters like the other brands.other than that , they are great and absorbent . if you can get them on sale , i would recommend this . more natural items on your child 's skin is the way to go .
= excellent
< great for your child 's skin

> this movie was great - the acting was good and actually ( almost ) got linda blair her first acedemy award though she lost out to another movie ... . it really was the scariest movie for its time ... so scary they had to hand out barf bags atthe theater ... .its a good movie - watch it ! !
= this movie has become a cult classic ... .
< great movie

> this body wash is great . it smells very fresh and leaves my skin soft and very well moisturized . it lathers really nicely with just a little . i have very sensitive skin and this body wash was great for that ! overall , it 's good body wash and i really like it !
= great body wash
< great body wash !

> these work very well . i seldom find a tampon that does n't seem to allow fluid to run down one side and down the string . these work the way i want my tampons to work , they absorb evenly without leaks .
= no leaks
< works well

> if you have n't watched the theatrical version of this movie plenty of times , you may not notice the minute changes from that version to this director 's cut version.some of the dialogue has changed and some scenes are extended . the bogota dirty dance scene has been extended , as was the war of the roses fight and love scenes . the dance of death towards the end is also slightly different . also different was the hidden lives of both smiths were n't revealed until much later in the movie.i truly enjoyed the original cut , but this cut cleared up some minor foibles i had w/ the first . adam brody 's scene was cut out of the beginning , which i thought worked better for the movie because in the original his introduction went nowhere , other than his reappearance toward the end . there appeared to be a lot more character development in this version as well . of course more bogota scenes are dreamily sexy as was the love scene after their big marital spat.if you 're a huge mr. & mrs. smith fan , i would recommend buying both the theatrical release and the director 's cut . if you do n't want to buy both , i think the director 's cut is actually better than the original.the only part i wish was that brad & angie to do some of the commentary . the commentary on this disk was n't as interesting as the original version dvd , because doug liman is constantly talking about the cost of the production which is kind of boring , i would have liked hearing more about the plot , tidbits about the sets , bloopers , more on why some scene got added or removed -- -anything but the cost and days of production.as far as the bonus disc , there are plenty of deleted scenes to enjoy . i would highly recommend getting this edition .
= director 's cut smoother than the original cut
< a great movie , but not great

> this started out well for me and i thought i was in for a really good read . but once the story proper started in the present things were n't quite so good . lexi the heroine has a stalker , everywhere she goes he 's there . but following through with how she behaves throughout the whole book she does nothing . then something happens that brings her stalker up close and personal . from then on twitch is in her life . he 's the sort of guy a sensible woman would run away from as fast as possible in the opposite direction , but then lexi is n't sensible . she 's dumber than a bucket of rocks . since the reader knows exactly who twitch really is and his connection to lexi it did n't surprise me when she did n't put the pieces of the puzzle together and work it out , she had all the obvious clues at her disposal to do so . but as i said she 's thick.twitch is written as a bad boy , but for me he just came across as nasty and selfish , and when the reader learns why he has pushed his way into lexi 's life originally intent on breaking her , it was so ridiculous as to be laughable . there were many instances in this story that i assumed were meant to be hard hitting , but for me they just seemed farfetched . this is supposed to be a love story gone wrong . there was no love just a dark obsession from a deeply damaged man . i 'm not sure if this is meant to be a stand alone story , the author has left that somewhat open . personally i liked the ending . it seemed the best solution all round .
= had potential but ... ...
< not what i expected

> we have two kindle fire devices and found that even with years of experience in applying screen protectors , this brand did leave bubbles , particularly at the final edge that was attached . when the device is turned on , the bubbles are n't visible , likely because of the matte finish . when using the kindle fire , i really like thegreatshield ultra anti-glare ( matte ) clear screen protector film for amazon kindle fire ( 6 pack ) for the protection , lack of deterioration to the touch screen responsiveness , and ability to somewhat reduce the glare , but when i turn the fire on or off , i am irritated by the dull areas of bubbles along the outer edge . the packaging for these screens is simple , with the instructions printed on the interior of the envelope style lightweight cardboard . the application directions are very easy to understand and follow . enclosed is a nice little cloth for wiping the screen and applied screen protector , and it 's also helpful for encasing the enclosed small piece of cardboard or your own credit card which is to be used for smoothing out any bubbles . for around three dollars each , i 'm hoping each fine fitting sheet lasts for a least a few months before needing replacement . i 'm all for protecting our kindle devices !
= i like the matte clear screen protector
< works well , but not the best

> i remember when this rescue took place . the story of this daring rescue was exciting . the movie details the cruelty of the shah if iran 's toward the iranian citizens . these six americans managed to nescape when the iranians were taking over the american embassy . they were able to find refuge at the home of the canadian ambassador 's home . the iranians were able to place shredded documents together and discover that they had n't captured all of the americans . the lead character played by ben afleck comes up with an off the wall plan to film a movie in iran.they are sucessful ib selling this plan to the u. s. government and to hollywood . they use the time that they gain to secure false documentation and other paperwork that they will need to get out of iran . they are able to devise a plan to actually escape iran . a short time ahead of the escape the carter administration comes up with a plan to use the military to rescue the american citizens . mendez , played by afleck decidea to go ahead with escaping . it is a good thing because the military plan was a total failure . the final scenes will scare you to death be sure to watch this movie , it is outstanding .
= this really happened !
< a daring story

> `` can you hear me now ? '' stephen king 's most riveting novel in years , cell begs that question in a post 9/11 world dependent on cellular phones , with a bloody twist . for comic book artist clay , he is the witness to a mysterious event known as the `` pulse '' , which is sent out through every cell phone on the planet . now , those who happened to be on the phone at the time of the pulse are mindless killing machines , almost zombies to a point , and they 're evolving . soon , clay and a small band of survivors must wade through what 's left of boston as they try to survive , with clay holding on to the shred of hope that his son is still alive . what could have otherwise been a predictable horror yarn turns out to be king 's most riveting and suspenseful novel in quite some time , grabbing the reader from the first few pages onward and never letting go . there are some cases of lag here and there , and the novel is over too soon , but for king fans and fans of fast paced horror in general , the web that king weaves is a delicious and bloody treat .
= stephen king 's most riveting novel in years
< `` can you hear me now ? ''

> people in my theater actually clapped and cheered when this film ended and that alone is a rare thing . it is a lot of fun and i almost did n't see it due to the harsh critical pounding this movie has been taking . it is n't as good as x-men 2 or batman begins , but i prefer it over hulk and the spiderman films . the acting and special effects are good , but both are lacking at times . jessica alba is one of the hottest women on the planet and is a nice visual treat that makes up for her decent acting skills . the human torch and the thing were both great in the acting department ( loved the back and forth trash talk ) and were the best characters in my opinion . mr. fantastic was a boring nerd , but that is what his part called for and he played it well . dr. doom was much better than expected and i liked the fact that the actor did n't overact the part to the degree that we are use to in comic book films . go see this film with low expectations and you will be surprised big time . this is a worthy addition to the marvel movie franchise .
= four stars for the fantastic four
< a fun film

> i love my keurig coffee maker , but have never used it for tea . i was surprised to see the lipton iced sweet tea k-cups and looked forward to trying it . i honestly was not expecting much from them , but was pleasantly surprised by the flavor.the directions say to brew over a large 16oz cup of ice . my keurig is a smaller unit that will not hold a glass of ice , so i had to brew it in a cup and pour it into my glass of ice . it was easy and quick , as expected.the flavor was much better than i anticipated . the tea flavor is n't very deep , but it 's still tasty . it is just sweet enough , without being too sweet . i 'm a southerner and grew up drinking sweet tea . we used a full cup of sugar in a 2 quart pitcher , which is pretty sweet . i gave up sweetened tea a few years ago and learned to love it without any sweetener at all . not everyone likes it this way , so it 's nice to find a product like sweetened k-cups that make it easy to serve guests . i 'm glad to have discovered this tea .
= surprisingly good !
< sweet , sweet , and tasty

> when this came out on dvd , i gave it another shot , after not being too impressed with the vhs the first time . wow , what a difference ! , now , the blu-ray is out and now the film has taken another giant leap . it makes the other versions look primitive.on its own - and i 'm not a horror movie buff - i found it to be very entertaining and very suspenseful film . those visuals are so good that i did n't mind the slow pace . jack nicholson was perfect for the role . shelley duvall was fascinating with her `` olive oyl '' face , smile and soft voice . she got panned by a lot of people , and that was unfair . she 's fine . the kid ( danny lloyd ) was good , too , as were the supporting players.if you are any kind of a fan of this film , or director stanley kubrick 's unique style of filmmaking , you owe it to yourself to look at it on this high-definition transfer . you 'll be amazed how great it looks .
= blu-ray edition really elevates this film
< the blu-ray is out of the blu-ray

> ... it kills mice at an extremely slow pace.we had an invasion of mice after a neighbor 's shed was remodeled last summer ( yikes ! why were they all in there ? ) . anyway , i tried out this style , the glue traps and the old-fashioned traditional traps . this came in a 2-pack and 1 eventually killed a mouse after the other style of traps and the glue traps took out what seemed to be a platoon of the things . i was pleased that i could just toss it away and not have to mess with the little mouse corpse or clean up anything.the second trap disappeared one day . maybe our jack russel terrier ran off and chewed it up ( she seems to love to consume plastic - plastic with a mouse as filling might appeal to her as well ) or maybe a really big mouse walked off with it . either way , it sat out for months and every once in a while i 'd pick it up and find that the bait was gone and the trap did not fire off .
= it is all wonderful except ...
< it 's a trap ...

> i received an advanced reader copy from the author for a fair and honest review.as always , book was very well written and the story keeps developing . i enjoyed the added storyline of trystan . question is who really is the villain ? ? ? are things really as they appear ? ? i seriously doubt it . would it be a ms. ward novel if things were obvious ? ? ? ? i am struggling to continue reading this series . i question if i am reading just to read . are we working towards a specific ending ? what is the point to continue a series if there is n't the possibility of nothing coming to a conclusion or anything getting accomplished.spoiler alert ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ummmmmmm ... ... .i think avery would know if they 'd had sex especially if no condom was used ! ! ! ! trystan would have left something behind ; ) unless he passed out first..lol
= honest review
< i

> quaker real medleys apple walnut oatmeal +quaker real medleys apple walnut oatmeal + is quick and easy . just add boiling water , stir , cover , wait a few minutes , uncover , stir , eat . or , one can do the microwave version it 's that easy ! : ) ... smells like an old fashioned apple cobbler cooking , i kid ya not ! when prepared ( according to the label ) , quaker real medleys apple walnut oatmeal + was thick ( not soupy or runny ) , the apple and cranberry bits were plump , sweet and easy to chew , the walnuts were crisp and crunchy ( not hard as rocks or spongy ) . just sweet enough.i skipped the usual toast and eggs -- as , my morning hunger was thoroughly satisfied , after eating one serving of quaker real medleys apple walnut oatmeal + to even think about consuming anything else . *smiles*does quaker real medleys apple walnut oatmeal + , sound like what you may be looking for ? : ) highly recommended ! -- katharena eiermann , 2013
= ... smells like an old fashioned apple cobbler cooking !
< ... smells like an old fashioned apple cobbler cooking ! : )

> i 've had some problems with my left eye over the past year . now being 20/30 , i 've grown more interested in taking supplements that could help prevent further problems with my eyesight.i 'm not sure if the lutein has done its job , but i 'm been pleased with the product itself . the pill is tiny and easy to take . the instructions on the pill bottle say that you should take it with food , but i did n't feel any stomach discomfort if i did n't take it on a full stomach . i 've had issues with many multivitamins in the past that make me fill queasy if i did n't eat enough food , but this was n't a problem.i like the lutein product enough to give it a chance after my current supply runs out . the product is easy to take and i hope it delivers the results that it says it does .
= easy to take supplement
< works well , but i 'm been pleased

> i have been anxiously awaiting this continuation of ethan and brynn 's story , as i wanted to finally find out who was threatening brynn and get to the bottom of ethan 's demons . i 'll start by saying that i did enjoy this story because i was already so vested in ethan and brynn 's romance ; but i have to say that with all the suspense leading up to finding out brynn 's starker , it was a bit of a let down for me . i also was not pleased that ethan never shared his demons completely with brynn . i was glad to see that there will be a 4th book in this series , so i 'm hoping that maybe some of the loose ends will be tied up , more will be revealed , we will have a birth announcement , and continue with a hea .
= i 've had my eyes wide opened waiting for this one !
< another great book by ethan and brynn

> wow , this is the first sunscreen spray that we have tried that did n't have awful fumes that left us coughing if we sprayed near our face ... .so for that alone we are very happy . our kids usually cringe when the sunscreen comes out but they liked this one . i did n't really notice it being particularly cooling as it went on , so i am not sure what they mean by `` sport cool . '' it did the job on sun protection too but it needs to be reapplied about every two hours to keep working , where some other brands seems to last longer . so overall i really liked it but am docking one star for for the fact it does n't seem to last as long as our target brand in the protection department .
= no bad fumes , awesome
< i liked it .

> i really enjoy the flavor of these lipton tea and honey to go packets . they 're perfect for flavoring a bottle of water ( or i also will mix it in a glass of water if i 'm at home . ) the flavor is nice . it 's low calorie and sweet without that nasty chemical aftertaste . it does not contain aspartame , but it does contain sucralose ( aka splenda ) which is important to note if you have any negative reaction to this artificial sweetener . although it does contain honey , i think a lot of the sweetness comes from the sucralose . the tea is also decaf which means i can have it at any time of the day or night without worrying about the caffeine keeping me awake .
= sweet taste for only 5 calories
< nice flavor , but not too sweet

> not sure where to start on this one , but 5 stars and on my loved shelf for me speaks volumes . i absolutely love nell and kyle , but nell and colton is so much more absolutely it ! i like the past and how it does n't switch back and forth in time , but starts where it should at the beginning . the author draws you in and you are there feeling every bit of the roller coaster of emotions and it 's all there and more . i read the book description and thought ... seen that , read that but what the heck the price is right i 'll get it ... this story is sooooo much more . read it , you wo n't regret it !
= get it ! -- it 's the more we want in a book !
< loved it !

> cotz pediatric spf 40 sunscreen is pediatrician recommended and 100 % free of chemical sunscreens and fragrances . cotz also will not irritate or sting . simply apply 15 minutes before going out in the sun and again for every two hours you 're out in the sun . the water exposure for this sunscreen is only 40 minutes so it must be reapplied again after that time.cotz pediatric spf 40 sunscreen is perfect for children and babies ( over 6 months old ) , it 's also a great option for people with sensitive skin . for those with sensitive skin the active ingredient is zinc oxide so as long as you have no aversions to zinc i would highly recommend this especially to parents with children .
= a gentle sunscreen
< great for sensitive skin

> warning : the product is addictive - if you pop in one , it is very likely that you will pop in one every 5 mins ! these chocolates are simply heaven , oval shaped and wrapped in a golden wrapper , as soon as you open you will see chocolate and caramel swirls . i hate excessively sweetened chocolates , this one is is perfectly sweetened - no wonder why it is just 40 cals per chocolatetexture : smooth texture , not grainylasting time : one chocolate will last upto 5-7 mins in your mouth - if you are someone who really enjoys it slow.taste : smooth , rich taste . very delicate taste - 75 % chocolatey flavor , 25 % caramel
= rich , smooth - just melts in your month
< smooth taste , not too chocolatey

> this tea is strong . it brews quickly . do n't let it sit for the full 3-5 minutes that they recommend if you do n't like your tea too strong . i let mine brew for less than a minute and i still feel there is quite a bit flavor in it . i really like the flavor of this tea . it is certainly nothing like the ordinary teas that i have been getting bored with . the ginger was more subtle than i thought it would be . it is certainly not overpowering.i really like that is tea is organic and is harvested from fair labor gardens . the tea bags are made from bio-degradable filter paper .
= strong , nice flavor
< strong flavor

> collateral , brings to the screen the story of an la taxi driver who finds himself driving a hitman across the city as he takes care of his contract killings.overall , the acting is very good ( both tom cruise and jamie foxx do a good job ) , but it 's jada pinkett-smith that really steals the show for me.as for the plot , it is interesting , though not without flaws as the previous reviewer has very correctly pointed out.in short , far from being a masterpiece , it is a movie worth watching , though you might not want to go as far as purchasing it .
= a decent film , but not very memorable
< collateral

> this is a popcorn movie if there ever was one . a movie you watch on a big screen with blaring surround sounds . you will enjoy watching it , and it certainly wo n't tax your intelligence . this is not the best action film and certainly not the best science fiction , but you have a big cast , big explosions and a really cool story . i do n't know if you need to have 12 versions of the dvd , but it is a fun ride .
= enjoy it for what it is
< a popcorn movie

> i do n't think love is a strong enough word for this book . i loved the journey cam took . what a great story . it truly was a page turner . i could n't put it down ! ! ! i would describe this book as young adult meets a little bit of steamy romance . love love love ! ! ! i am still thanking a friend for recommending this book to me ! suggestion : buy it !
= holy wow !
< love , love , love this book ! ! !

> these standard-sized business letter envelopes have the flip-closure that requires no moisture . the lining of the paper is the gray-tint that prevents read-through . the paper , itself , is not quite as sturdy as the columbian mead envelopes , but is adequate for most purposes . for paying bills , that is not a problem . if these cost less than the other brands , i would not hesitate to snap them up .
= great self-seal business envelopes
< good for the price

> feminine products are a frequent purchase at our house with so many females under one roof . the thing liked best about this product was the pleasant scent that kept one from feeling self conscious during `` that time of the month '' . as for comfort this product was found lacking . directions were good . just not a good fit for this family .
= nope , not a hit ...
< not for comfort

> 4 1/2 stars ! i 've been starving for an alpha male book - this one fits the bill . i love the part & # 34 ; we all have a past some of it beautiful some ugly & # 34 ; . some say kidnapping some securing your future ... .i think i 'm still in an asher fog ; ) !
= mini orgasms just from his words !
< 4 1/2 stars !

> i could read 20 books about gideon and eva ! ! i loved this third installment and am so glad they are in a good place ( for now ) . they are still as hot as ever ! ca n't wait to see what waits for them next !
= more , more , more ! !
< loved it !

> this cable is just the right length and has the connections i needed . it is a quality cable and i expect it will last many years . the price is lower here at amazon then in our local store .
= perfect !
< great cable

> this book had me in a love/hate relationship . the subject matter teacher/student was n't my favorite scenario . however , it did capture me once i got more into the characters . i totally loved the ending .
= gripping !
< loved it !

> i love danny , my heart broke for him in his relationship with chey and ciara . i was happy for the ending and ca n't wait for jackson 's story .
= danny !
< love danny and ciara

> change of pace , kind of story line . just wish it would have wrapped up in one book . the story was good liked the characters . recommended .
= nice
< good story

> all i can say about a good day to die hard is no , it is n't . what was this god-awful mess ?
= i 've loved the die hard franchise since day 1
< hard

> he was just amazing ! love nico and elle , such great characters ! really loved this book , and preach is so funny
= wow nico !
< loved it !

> to be completely blunt , `` napolean dynamite '' is a terrible film when being evaluated by traditional movie standards . it has no plot , the pacing is slow , the characters are stranger than strange , and there is absolute zero point to the overall experience . that being said , it 's one of those `` funny because it is stupid '' type of movies , and should be watched if only to understand why everyone in 2004 was wearing `` vote for pedro '' t-shirts.for a basic plot summary ... oh , wait ... ! basically , this movie follows the utterly random exploits of napolean ( jon heder ) , kip ( aaron ruell ) , pedro ( efran ramirez ) , uncle rico ( jon gries ) , & deb ( tina majorino ) . there really is nothing else to say.like i said , i do n't see how anyone can sit down and watch this movie and really , really like it . it 's just too pointless and stupid for that type of viewing . instead , you 'll just find yourself chuckling at that very stupidity ( which can only go so far , of course , but does produce a number of quote-worthy and memorable cinematic moments ) .in terms of the `` big picture '' , i do n't quite understand why `` napolean dynamite '' has become such a cult phenomenon . i can see why it may appeal to junior-high clientele ( what with its juvenile humor and loner/nerd characters ) , but other than that it just does n't work on a higher level.i think , in the end , this movie is a rare example of a really bad movie catching lightning in a bottle for some ephemeral reason , becoming a cult classic along the way . you wo n't like it ... but you might just like it a little bit ... !
= a movie that ( slightly ) transcends its overall value
< a cult classic !

> freya 's neighbor , greg , has had the hots for her since he moved into the building , and freya finds him decidedly hot . but his career as a lawyer makes freya see him as dishonest and dishonorable , so she puts aside her attraction and showers him with venom , instead . but when a new job comes along requiring her to think sexy , she knows that he can inspire her . freya is pretty open in telling him she just wants a fling , but he counters by telling her that he 's working for something longer term.i thought freya 's hang-up about lawyers was a little too childish for someone who 's supposed to be intelligent . her sister , anna 's , meddling was cute at times , but the secondary romance between anna and another neighbor , max , was a poorly developed distraction from the main plot.the book had it 's moments , but i think that at some points , it was trying too hard to be funny . i would have liked to have seen more development of greg 's feelings for freya rather than know from the beginning that he was head over heels for her . on the one hand , it 's great to have a hero who falls first and works at winning over the heroine ; on the other , i need more than her looks to carry the attraction.the book also is n't as steamy as one might expect considering that the job that freya needs inspiration for is working on an adult website ; it 's got enough sexual tension but i think perry pulled it off better inproject daddy ( zebra debut ) , which is what i 'd recommend instead of this book .
= freya gets her muse back
< a little too hard to be funny

> critics of `` the da vinci code '' , both the book and the movie , tend to take the story way too seriously . to me , dan brown 's tale is just meant to be a thinking person 's roller coaster ride , and a kind of thoughtful `` what if ... ? '' the author was n't purporting to write non-fiction , just a great campfire tale that takes many age-old theories , rumors and ( to many ) beliefs and run with them to great effect.with all its intentionally shocking ideas , i enjoyed the playful subversion of the book , so i was initially a little diappointed that the movie version pulls back from these ideas a little , primarily by making the robert langdon character more of a skeptic and defender of the status quo than he was in the book . but , in the end , this worked out , as skeptics get to enjoy the movie a little more because their own positions are represented in the film , and- when the subversive stuff eventually does hit- it has more of an impact.some critics also derided the film simply on the basis of its acting , pacing , etc . but , i do n't know ... with all its mysteries , clues , chases , confrontations , and revelations , i think the movie is plenty entertaining , exciting and suspenseful . even seeing it again on dvd after catching it in theaters , the two hours-plus flew by.the second disc , containing generous bonus features , is good fun , too . it was especially interesting to hear dan brown talk extensively about the whole phenomenon of the book and the choices that were made in adapting it to film .
= tom hanks solves life 's mysteries
< a great campfire tale

> i am not reviewing the film but the packaging and content of the 3-disc special edition dvd . i typically wait for a price reduction when a new disney/pixar dvd comes out , but i bought this immediately for one reason , the pixar story documentary by leslie iwerks . iwerks , granddaughter of mickey mouse designer ub iwerks , has produced yet another stellar , feature-length documentary -- one that chronicles the history of pixar up through the production of cars . this documentary is certainly worth the price of the upgrade and is highly recommended . the other special features on disc two are fair , at best , and not up to the quality that pixar once produced on their original , lavish 2-disc sets . if it were n't for the 90-minute documentary ( which ironically never mentions wall-e ) , this would not be a worthwhile `` special edition . `` the third disc is simply a digital copy of the film , no additional special features . i loaded it onto my computer for fun , and i suppose if you do a lot of traveling or enjoy watching films on portable devices , it 's nice to have . personally , it seems like a pointless waste of a disc , and i predict that this digital copy craze will be dead within a year or two.the packaging is strange . it tries to be environmentally friendly , though ironically the bonus digital copy disc will be worthless trash after the activation expires in one year 's time . i am all for recycling and saving the environment , but i found this to be a cheap , difficult case .
= review of the 3-disc special edition dvd
< a great film for the price

> in this novel , vida winter , a hugely popular english writer , has commissioned margaret lea to write her biography . vida 's story quickly overshadows margaret 's , but there is one key aspect of margaret 's life that pervades her reaction to vida 's tale . margaret has discovered that she had a twin whose death shortly after her birth has left margaret 's mother too bereaved to love her remaining daughter . in fact , vida hooks margaret into the job by suggesting that hers , too , is a story of twins . vida 's real name is adeline march , and the fate of her twin , emmeline , is unknown for most of the novel . the girls ' mother dies in a mental institution , and the twins show signs of being afflicted as well , or maybe their lack of parenting has just made them wild . setterfield has spun a really good yarn here , complete with a foundling , a fire , a murder made to look like an accident , possible ghosts , and a twist . the title stems from the fact that vida 's first short story collection was supposed to have included 13 stories , but the collection 's title had to be changed because it was published with only twelve . the thirteenth is obviously her own personal story , which is even more unbelievable than the preposterous stuff she routinely doles out to interviewers . the only thing really lacking is romance , at least of the conventional kind , and the author tosses in a bit of that as sort of an unnecessary afterthought at the end .
= twin tales of twins
< a good yarn

> to coincide with the 6oth anniversary of the sneak japanese attack against american assets , the disney machine releases the two-disc & quot ; pearl harbor & quot ; ( touchstone ) , it 's gargantuan recreation of the horrific incident that sealed our involvement in ww ii.set against a sophomoric and predictable love triangle ( ben afflect , josh hartnett and kate beckinsdale ) , the stunning cgi enhanced invasion and the heartstopping flying sequences are all the more impressive . the disney team had high hopes of duplicating the success of & quot ; titanic & quot ; with what they thought were the same key ingredients but on an even larger scale . but alas , the critics and public did not respond in kind.what made & quot ; titanic & quot ; so universally popular had to do with the idea of seeking love in a perfect world that suddenly is doomed . is there something in our collective subconscious that understands that ? after all , our time here is brief at best . & quot ; pearl harbor & quot ; does not connect on that delicate , spiritual level but certainly delivers the action . the magnificent looking film on this double disc set is artistically packaged in faux worn leather binder and is further wrapped in self importance with a great history channel documentary & quot ; unsung heroes & quot ; and a fine making of supplement . disney will further exploit the vulnerable dvd collector when it releases the definitive director 's cut next may . that one will have michael bay 's commentary . is anyone actually waiting ?
= great action , dumb love triangle
< the best disney movie of all time

> i hate to say that i 'm reviewing an item that was never tested out and that i 'm making a snap judgement about this as well . but when i received the bag i saw on the back that it was made in china . then i looked up the information available for the dog treats that were suspicious in causing illness and even death in dogs . this was the name of one of them . so i was torn because the product is a nestle product , a company that i usually trust completely . and the research has yet to tie any particular issue of any particular product directly to a problem in any dog . so maybe i 'm just joining the hysteria . but nestles should really do something to change the name or manufacture it in the states . needless to say , it was n't worth the risk and i threw them away . it is not my nature to prejudge but if something had happened to my dog ... on the other side and in defense of waggin ' train , there is a lot of information still up in the air and the fda has n't found anything against any company yet . you can read more on the fda gov website under animalveterinary/safetyhealth . i 'm sure there are plenty of dog owners who have had great experiences . for me the jury is still out for me .
= made in china - but nestle product
< not for me

> i am one of the biggest starbucks fans and have tried nearly every blend of coffee bean they have . while i am not a huge fan of flavored coffees due to the nature of the artificial flavoring they add when starbucks came out with all natural fusions i was intrigued.i have tried all three blends they offer : cinnamon , vanilla and caramel.caramel blew me away and i loved it and the description on the bag of vanilla had me guessing it would be the same subtle syrupy sweetly decadent taste that i would like.not even close . the vanilla did not impress me at all the while the scent of the coffee smelled heavenly and even my kids remarked on it , the flavor was off putting . the aftertaste made me grimace and i slogged my way through the first cup and offered one to my husband who did not like it either . we poured the rest of the pot out . i took to to work and brewed a pot and two of my coworkers loved it so to each their own.i would not buy this flavor again or the cinnamon but i have bought multiple bags of the caramel . i am glad starbucks is making natural flavored coffees and is a leader in the industry by being the first to do so .
= not up to par for my tastebuds
< starbucks is a starbucks

> dr. malcolm crowe ( bruce willis ) has a new patient ; a young man named cole sear ( haley joel osment ) . malcolm is a child psychologist and cole claims that he can see dead people . they are all around him and they are attracted to cole due to his psychic power . not only can he see them but some can follow him and talk to him.malcolm feels that cole is hallucinating . malcolm soon begins to believe cole and realizes that cole and a former patient , who had the same issues , may really have some special ability that no one else can perceive . he convinces cole to reach out and speak to the dead to see what they really want from him . this leads to some interesting confrontations and revelations ... ..i really liked this movie and at some times it can really be creepy . m. night shyamalan wrote and directed this movie and it was one of three hit movies that he directed in a row . ( the sixth sense , unbreakable and signs ) the storyline was excellent and the acting was superb . it is a very good ghost story movie and well worth watching . just do n't watch it alone ! i recommend it to you as a very good movie !
= do n't watch this one alone !
< a very good ghost story !

> a delicious healthy snack in a pre-measured portions . i enjoy almonds for their flavor alone , but their healthy nutrients , high protein , and high fiber content make them an even better choice for my snacking . these have enough salt for my tastes but not so much that i have to worry about the sodium content . i also prefer the natural roasted flavor to the sharper smoked flavor some brands use.the good-sized portion is large enough to satisfy me ( adult male ) but could easily serve two who want a hit of `` savory '' . the gf suggests we carry these when we hike . all the almonds in the packets i 've eaten so far tasted consistently good ( no bum almonds , no burst of salt at the bottom of the bag ) .i snack constantly , and often on nuts and other salty foods . these sahale almond packets are ideal for satisfying my hunger with something that 's good for me.in this packaged form they are a bit spendy ( and almonds in general are n't the cheapest ) , and i have some qualms about discarding yet more plastic wrappers . but , they are definitely tasty and eating healthy is important . recommended .
= delicious healthy snack
< delicious snack

> for those who have been living on another planet , psycho is the granddaddy of all slasher/psychological thrillers , and still the best . janet leigh plays marion , a small-time thief who checks into the wrong motel for the night . it is run by norman bates ( anthony perkins ) , an odd young man who really loves his mother . it seems mother does n't like marion , and janet 's character is dispatched in the first reel . more mayhem follows until we discover the secret of the old bates house.much of the film takes place in the very scary house , with its dark , empty rooms , long starcase , and creepy cellar . the movie is spine-tingling and shocking . those who saw it in the theatres on its first run were overwhelmed by the violence , and many still ca n't take a shower without locking the bathroom door . the soundtrack was completely original at the time , and was the prototype of terrifying mood music . if you want thrills , psycho is the movie for you . the acting and script are outstanding . the movie is in black and white , but i think that makes it even better .
= lock the bathroom door !
< the best of the year

> the first alien movie was great as we all know , but its sequel was even better and remains one of the finest sci-fi films ever made and one of the few cases where the sequel tops the original ( another is terminator 2 , which was also helmed by aliens director james cameron ) . where as the first film used its claustrophobic quarters and eerie atmosphere to make it shine , aliens trades that in for gun toting shoot em up action that surprisingly works and in my opinion would not have worked without james cameron as director . sigourney weaver was even nominated for an academy award for this , that alone tells you how good she is , as for the supporting cast , including michael biehn , bill paxton , paul reiser , and lance henriksen all give knockout performances as well . the special effects and creature effects are still decent by todays standards , and the 17 minutes of deleted footage only add more to the film 's greatness . sadly though , the two following sequels could n't hold a candle to the original or this classic , but if you have n't seen aliens , i strongly suggest picking this up .
= the best science fiction thriller of all time
< a classic

> i just got it last week and have n't had a chance to try it out till today and i just love it ! i love keeping my tea steeping longer than normal and love how i do n't have to worry about fishing out the string as now i can tie it around the loop at the top of the tea buddy.since i get distracted easily especially when i am working or reading a juicy book , it is nice to know that my tea will remain warm for a bit longer than normal because the double wall glass retains the heat . it is really handy to have . it keeps my tea fresh and hot and i am one happy camper first thing in the morning ! this is a perfect gift to give to tea drinkers ! i am toying with the idea of buying three more so my family will have some on hand !
= perfect for tea lovers
< love it !

> overall , this has proven to be a very handy little device for my ipad and touchpad ( and soon - ca n't wait - my fire ! ) . it keeps the finger smudges off the screen and offers more fine-level touch response than you get with your finger.i have only two quibbles : it 's a bit too lightweight for me . i 'd prefer something that was a bit more substantial in heft . second is that it would be nice to have some type of clip attachment rather than ( or in addition to ) the lanyard it comes with ( which is very thin ) to make it easier to store and find in the tablet carry case.very handy to have if you have a tablet , especially if you 're sharing one and the person you share with does n't always clean off the screen after using it !
= very handy ; some minor misses
< handy little device

> organic apple clusters are tiny little bite sized dried apple snacks . my friend recommend i try these so i bought some and i must admit at first glance my mind was saying there is no way there could be any apple flavor in this tiny little ball . however when you pop it in your mouth and take that first bite it 's bursting with apple and cinnamon flavor so much so it 's like you 're eating an entire apple . these are absolutely delicious ! they are also a health snack alternative for kids at 60 calories no fat no sodium and only 10gm of sugar per 1/4 cup ( serving size 4 per pouch/container ) . my wholes family loves these and as a special treat i pack these in my daughter 's lunches . i would highly recommend this yummy snack to anyone who loves apples !
= tons of yummy apple taste in a little bite
< delicious !

> zone and trevor 's story was full of great humor and all the ups and downs of a crazy relationship such as theirs . trevor had the perfect image of what his dream bride was going to be like and zoe sure did n't fit that image . what started out as a landlord tenant relationship turned into an arrangement of just sex . but as time passed and they spent more time together they both realized it was more . the author did such a great job telling their story and bringing their characters to life . it made it so easy for the reader to connect and become involved with them . i have enjoyed this series and the creativity of the author . ca n't wait to see what she has in store for us next . highly recommend .
= a funny delightful read
< great story

> i cant really call this a prequal to code , because there is literally a sentence of a referance in that book to this one . so as a stand-alone novel , its a thrill ride and a fast-paced page turner . perhaps it may seem controversial and disbelieving at times , but thats what you call fiction people . so get a grip . fiction is about suspending belief for a moment and enjoying somthing out of the ordinary away from 'real life ' . and this accomplishes that . dan brown is a fine story teller . he weaves sentences and ideas flawlessly and i think him very inventive in his writing . its refreshing to read a book like this once in a while . i could barely put it down .
= better than davinci code
< a refreshing story

> having some training in the hard sciences , i was a little put off by how the author started the book and would keep interjecting little lessons . kinda like an instructor saying `` now , kids , this is what i mean by that . '' even for people without experience in those fields , it came off as a little too preachy.however , the story is very good and loses that style fairly quickly ( maybe the author took a break ? ) . it keeps you reading and wondering what will happen . all the way to the end . about halfway through , i thought of something . but , the author drew me away from that ... until the surprise ending . very good .
= great
< very good

> snoozeberry dream water tastes great ( love that it 's flavored with stevia and not an artificial sweetener or sugar ) and works well . used it on a overnight overseas plane trip and it helped me fall asleep even though there was a screaming child a few rows ahead of me . not sure i 'd use this regularly due to the steep price , but when i 'm traveling it 's good to know that a natural option is available . no side effects either . it worked for what i needed it for . took it again a few nights later and it did n't work as well , though that may have been because of the indian chai that i had earlier that evening .
= nice product
< great for a overnight water

> i tried several bags of this with varying steeping times but i did not like it all . it was fishy smelling and the taste was off-putting . adding honey did not improve it at all and even my co-worker commented on the smell . i can definitely see it affecting digestion but for me it was not in a good way . perhaps it is one of those things your body has to get used to but i would be afraid to drink more than one cup in a day even if could get past the taste . as someone that likes to drink multiple cups of tea in a day this flavor would not make my list .
= not my cup of tea ...
< did not like it

> this is the first time i tried this brand and i found it very flavorful and satisfying . i could taste the garlic and parmesan flavor on the crisp crunchy crackers and found them fine on their own . a serving size is nine crackers containing 110 calories with 5 grams of protein and 3 grams of fiber . i found that this six ounce bag let me snack seven times too satisfaction when i have eaten a whole bag of regular chips . this taste good , are healthy for you and allows for much less caloric intact then my normal snacks . i will get these again !
= very tasty
< very tasty and very tasty !

> these file folder labels have been quite useful in the office.the size and self-adhesive capabilities make these labels extraordinarily useful . these come 750 to the pack , so at just 2 cents a label , that 's a pretty good price.these labels work well with any of your office computer printers-either laser of ink jet . if you wish , you can even just address them by hand.a nice feature is that you can remove these quickly and easily without ratty edges or white scraps.these are definitely a superior product and help you to be more efficient in the office .
= great product ! way to go , 3m !
< great labels

> captain philips is absolutely captivating and edge of your seat entertainment . i did not even realize they were making a film out of this incident . i saw the trailer on television a few weeks ago and it looked very interesting and very intense . it was very intense . i want to go out and see it again . if this is all true , what went on behind the scenes is incredible and rather frightening . we never know what we will do in times of crisis . i highly recommend this film .
= absolutely captivating
< a intense and frightening film

> this replaced my old router and seems to be working well do far . it offers two speeds of streaming and seems to help with watching videos . i did have some problems getting it setup and maybe that was just me . i could n't figure out shy it was n't connecting at first and did n't see any troubleshooting info for my problem . still not sure but i finally got connected and like i said seems to be working pretty well so far .
= good router .
< works well

> these are great headphones . the quality was excellent . they come with 3 sizes of interchangable ear pieces so you can find the right fit for your ears . great quality and excellent fit so what more can you ask for ? an awesome case . the whole headphone set can be safely wrapped up inside the case to protect the wires from breaking or being crushed . this is the perfect headphone set for anyone on the go . you will love them !
= great headphones , love the case !
< great headphones

> this is n't as good as the first book but i 'm glad i did n't have to wait until march to read the end of the story . as one of the other reviewers said , there was quite a bit of cheese but i still cried and felt genuine emotion . if you read the first book then you have to read this to know how it all works out .
= a bit inconsistent but still a good read
< great book

> i am not sure why he did this movie , as the original ( charlton heston omega man based on same book ) is better . the plot like the book is pretty tom cruise-ish dumb , about the end of the world and so fourth . very long movie.i hope this is not a harbinger of things to come from mr/mrs.smith ?
= will smith is hanging out too much with tom cruise .
< dumb

> this latest die hard has some pretty cheesy dialogue , and the relationship between father and son is only slightly believable . but i still liked the action scenes and was able to enjoy the movie for what it was . in the end , bruce willis , you will always have my heart .
= not my favorite die hard , but , sigh , i still love it .
< die hard

> you may not care for the ending . the film captures the essence of the book , if you still read . but the pacing , acting and visual strength are all reasons to see and enjoy this flim . oh , and there is that bad guy .
= by now you know ...
< a good start to the series

> this book got my emotions going instantly . the way the story escalated was insane and my heart broke for emmy . she knew everything she was doing was wrong but could n't stop because he was like a drug . absolutely loved the ending ! ! !
= whoa ! ! ! !
< wow ! ! !

> what more can i say ... i love this book ! i absolutely ca n't wait for the next book . i wish this would n't of ended when it did . i want more blaire and rush and i need a hea ! ! !
= love , love , love this book
< love it ! ! !

> this little can holds big flavor . fruit juice , v-c and fizzy stuff , is a good way to describe it.my kids love it and their school 's wellness program has switched over to this as an alternative to soda .
= great flavor !
< big flavor

> lawrence ( elwes ) and adam ( whannell ) wake up chained to pipes in the world 's filthiest bathroom . they have little freedom of movement and can not even come close to reaching each other . they do not remember how they got there or know each other . their captor ( presumably ) has left them two saws , an unloaded gun , a tape recorder , two cigarettes , and a dead body in the middle of the room . they are victims of the jigsaw killer , and that same killer is holding lawrence 's wife and daughter hostage . at the same time , an ex-cop ( glover ) is hunting down the killer , bent on revenge for the murder of his partner . `` saw '' is an intense , twisted movie . it is reminiscent of `` seven '' in both mood and atmosphere , and leaves you with about the same feeling when it is all over . for me , that is good , because i believe `` seven '' to be an excellent movie . `` saw '' , however , is not at that level ... but it is close . director james wan ratchets up the tension with each passing moment until the final scene . and while the explanation might not hold up as well as the the viewer might like , it was still a hell of a ride . elwes especially does an excellent job as a man first confused by his situation , then terrified for his family , then resolute in what needs to be done . `` saw '' is a great halloween movie , and if you are looking for a good scary movie at this time of the year , `` saw '' is your best bet . highly recommended for horror fans .
= saw
< saw '' is your best halloween movie !

> skeeter phelan , new college grad , wants to become a serious writer . following the advice of a new york editor , she decides to write about something that bothers her , the treatment given by her mother and friends to their household help . as she begins interviewing the maids , skeeter opens her mind to the terrible injustices woven into mississippi society by old jim crow . the novel has three narrators , skeeter herself and two maids , minny and aibileen . what evolves are deeply emotional stories about their relationships with each other and with their employers . fortunately the narratives are sprinkled with humor , because there is so much else about which to feel anger and outrage.what this novel does well is produce a vivid picture of ordinary life among the elite and underclasses in 1960 's , pre-integration mississippi . written in southern vernacular , the attitudes of the day come across loud and clear . whether this portrayal is accurate or fair , as a lifelong ct yankee , i can not say for sure . but the help is an intelligent , engrossing , and thought provoking tale with much to recommend it . if she does n't fall prey to second novel syndrome , kathryn stockett appears poised to enjoy a successful writing career . one thing 's for sure ; i 'll never regard a chocolate cream pie in the same light again !
= the pie secret
< the help is an intelligent , engrossing , and thought provoking .

> the kindle fire is a nice e reader and has a lot of bonuses such as the beautiful color displays . still , i 'm not sure it was quite what i was expecting . i 'm not thrilled with the battery life as i usually ca n't finish a book before the battery is dead . it does not have a camera which i kind of think is lame since most devices even less expensive ones do . i 'm disappointed that there is not free 3g connect like there is with the dx . also , the kindle fire tends to get really heavy after you have held it for a while . it seems they could have found a way to make it as attractive and still lighter . the screen tends to have a bit of a glare when you are outdoors and sometimes it is hard to read through.since you have to have wifi to watch the movies and they are only free with a prime membership . this means you are responsible for paying for the internet gigs needed to use these features , which is okay if you have an unlimited internet package , but a lot of people don't.over all i think the fire is a good test model but there could be a lot of upgrades to make it a more practical device and get the utmost enjoyment out of it .
= hmm
< nice e reader

> i 'm extremely pale . in fact , i used to always joke that i can get burned in the moonlight . although that 's not exactly the case , i do burn really easily and always apply spf 35+ when i 'm outside for a prolong period of time . i tested this sunscreen lotion at six flags . there 's something about theme parks that makes me burn more ( perhaps it 's the reflective concrete or the missing tree cover ) . even though this product has an spf of 30 , this sport sunblock did really well - in fact , i did n't get burned at all.it goes smoothly on the skin and moisturizes it ( this product is a two-in-one deal ) , as well as provides a cooling effect in the hot sun.the main concern i have about this sunblock is the list of toxic , or near toxic ingredients . generally , i would prefer to use something more natural since skin absorbs so much onto itself . i have heard the phrase , `` if you would n't eat it , do n't put it on your skin ' , and i think it needs to apply to sunblock as well as moisturizers , and should be applied to this product because it is both .
= no sunburn but tons of chemicals
< i like it , but i do n't like it

> cage and eva are so dang amazing together . definitely opposites ... but they are good for each other . by the end of the previous book i really started to like cage . i 'm so glad he got a story of his own . eva 's story was sad but it was great watching her heal after such horrible loss . i wish there would have been more said about her dad at the end . i wish jeremey would have stepped in and said what type of a person he thought cage was because he obviously approved of him for eva . overall it was a fun short story . took me a day to read this book and the book before this . once i started i could n't put it down . there was n't much suspense but it was fun and kind of emotional . i could feel the emotions running off of the characters . cages restraint and anger and heartbreak ... eva 's nervousness , fear , and heartache ... i also wish they would have said something about her friend at the end ... i would have liked to have know what she thought about the whole situation . that could have been a fun couple of pages .
= fun flirty young sexy read .
< loved it !

> repeating a story that has already been told can be a tricky thing for an author ; how can you make it fresh and new , while still maintaining the integrity of the original story ? just ask abbi glines , coz baby , she got it right . in blaire 's version , rush came across as confident , cocky , and self assured ; but i loved that we got to see him vulnerable , scared , and sensitive . i always enjoy stories that give me the perspective of both the hero and heroine , because we all know men and women see things so differently , so getting to hear rush 's voice could never go too far.i have really enjoyed this series , and looking forward to the next installment of grant and harlow 's story , and i do n't know if abbi is planning a story for nan , but she is such an angry , and bitter young woman , that she needs someone who can tolerate her , turn her life around . i ca n't image her becoming likable , but if anyone can do it , abbi can ! looking forward to spending more time with my friends from rosemary beach .
= the most delicious deja vu ever !
< another great book from abbi glines

> using this on my home office pc and peripherals in basement about 100 feet from router and modem through concrete and i 'm well pleased with the speed it has brought to my pc . the pass thru is indeed fast and it performs much better than the switch i was using . no problems setting up ... just feed in the router feed and split to your devices and you 're good to go . do n't know about dependability yet ... have n't had it long enough ... will report back if there 's a problem . for now tho i 'm well pleased.update 4/5/2013 : this switch has proven to be really good at keeping my network up and running on about seven devices . everything from directv to tivo ... my p.c ... .my tv ... my two blu-ray players ... .and a streamer without any loss of speed and most of all it runs cool to the touch . i am much more impressed with it than i was during my initial review so i 'm raising it to five stars . it 's the best switch i 've had by far .
= really speeds things up
< great for home office pc

> i am so sad that this is where the story ends . mr. larsson has given us a great addition to the thriller genre . `` hornet 's nest '' is the third leg of the trilogy that began with `` the girl with the dragon tatoo '' . this series of smart , intricate , character driven thrillers has been one of the highlights of my year in books . this installment picks up where the nail biting end to `` playing with fire '' left off . salander is clinging to life in a hospital while government force plot to silence her . as with the previous installments , larsson takes his time with the set up but as the book picks up steam at midpoint , you a richly rewarded for your patience . without a doubt , lisa salander and mikael blomkvist are two of the most interesting and complicated characters of this genre . the ending leaves you pained because it is pretty clear that mr. larsson had great plans for this team before his untimely death . great book ! !
= salander once more
< a great thriller

> disney 's first foray into full-length feature animation was unsurprisingly measured a risky move for the studio that were best known for short mickey mouse and sillie symphony cartoons . but thankfully , snow white and the seven dwarfs was acknowledged with critical eulogize and box office achievement , prompting the studio to continue making feature-length caricatures . this is an essential chapter in movie-making history , with so many amazing features ; it really does define the word ` classic ' . one of my much treasured disney movies , snow white has all the staple ingredients for archetypal animation : a great story , fantastic animation , catchy songs and amazing imagery that still impresses after nearly 70 years . a perennial favorite , it paved the way for other grand movies ( pinocchio , bambi , fantasia , dumbo et all ) the dvd has great 'making of ' material , including never before seen archive footage . a must-have for disney and film fans alike .
= an essential chapter in movie-making history
< a classic for the family

> i can not say enough about this book . remington tate knew he had to have brooke the moment he laid eyes on her at his fight . brooke was totally infatuated the moment he laid eyes on her too . as they grow closer brooke falls deeply in love with the real remy . he is so afraid that when she learns he 's bipolar that she will leave him like everyone else has . he wants her to love the real him , and she does . when he goes black she still loves him . he gives up his championship to get her sister sway from his enemy because he will do anything for brooke . the love and protective instinct he has fir her is overwhelming . i could not put this book down . such a great read !
= omg remy is the man
< wow !

> disturbing and scary do n't seem like good enough words to describe the film , `` seven '' . this movie is a psychological thriller in which a serial killer kills his victims by using the seven deadly sins : pride , envy , gluttony , lust , anger , greed , and sloth . of course you 're disturbed by the killings and dark , damp feel of the movie , but you also learn about the message that the killer was ultimately trying to relay - although he did n't have to kill to get his point across.brad pitt and morgan freeman did great jobs playing the lead characters , and kevin spacey is chilling as the killer . this is definitely a movie you want to watch with a friend and with the lights on !
= disturbing and scary !
< disturbing and scary

> the incredibles is a fully-fleshed out and developed computer animated story that is n't just another summer kiddie flick . the incredibles family members are n't cookie-cutter cartoon characters but real people who just happen to look like something out of a cartoon . : - ) the intelligent and well written script won the writers a best script award and along with the amazing special effects they combine to produce the best animated film in many years . the action scenes are entertaining as well as spectacular , and after a while you hardly remember you 're watching an animated film because the plot and characters seem so realistic and true to life . overall a great effort from pixar and they 'll have to work hard to top this one .
= a brief comment
< the incredibles

> this drink left me thirsty , which is n't good when said drink is supposed to quench your thirst . it 's bottle is appetizing , though i found the drink took very little time to finish . when it comes to taste , it was lacking . either the mixture of the kiwi and berry was off or something because it reminded me far more of an energy drink than a juice drink . to its benefit , there was no icky after taste.i will not be 'switch'ing anytime soon to this drink , but recommend giving it a try , as all our taste buds are different . maybe you 'll like it . it just was n't my cup of tea .
= left me thirsty , but not for this ...
< not my cup of tea

> my granddaughter and i enjoy brewing and sipping different teas . this was our first try of cardamom pu'erh.the packaging feels very nice quality and is lovely to use . until you brew this tea.the smell is ... like sour , moldy earth . not delicious smelling at all . ( now , to be honest , i 'm a master gardner and i like earthy smells . but not in my beverages ) we challenged each other to try it anyway . we tried it hot and iced . iced was the clear winner . the taste was not unpleasant , but we both agreed that we would never buy it if we had to get past that stink !
= nice taste , but the smell !
< nice quality and iced

> this is a classic movie that really looks great on blu ray . the only problem is that universal decided not put deleted scenes and other extras on it . there is no excuse for not putting the same extras that a special edition has on a blu ray because the price is the same . so the movie gets five stars , the transfer looks great but you just do n't get any extras . at this price you should get all of the extras that a special edition has . this flick though remains one of the best sci fi movies ever made and it 's just too bad that they decided to remove any decent extras .
= five star movie without blu ray extras
< classic blu ray

> my wife and i use this cream when we go to the beach . you need to apply this cream every two hours to get the maximum benefit from this product , which has zinc oxide that acts a sun-block . when you rub near the face area make sure that you do n't get into your eyes . the titanium and zinc oxide combination offers full spectrum ( for both the uva/uvb radiation ) spf 35 protection . the cream appears to be water and sweat resistant.1.neutrogena ultra sheer dry-touch sunblock , spf 100 , 3 ounce2.aveeno continuous protection sunblock spray , spf 70 , 5-ounce cans ( pack of 3 )
= good sun-block for your skin
< good product , but zinc oxide

> okay enough already an hour worth of reading does not a novel make ! ! ! write the damn story and get it over with already ! ! ! ! ! i am not investing any more time and money into this story , period . this book took me less than an hour ! ! ! ! too expensive for what you are giving us ms. ward . i ca n't believe you ca n't deliver more than about 50 pages at a time and do n't give any idea how many more installments there is going to be ! ! ! story is good but price is too much .
= kathy
< not

> finely crafted and cleverly unique , this book of superbly developed characters and vivid settings touches a place deep within the reader 's soul . nathan price , a self-righteous , oppressive missionary and equally tyrannical husband and father , takes his family into the deepest reaches of congo . their adventures are fascinating , but the interaction of personalities is mesmerizing . this book is a gem and each word is so carefully chosen that it oftentimes reads like poetry . filled with compassion and love and forgiveness , this book is one-of-a-kind .
= the poisonwood bible
< a gem

> i just read my first colleen hoover book `` hopeless '' and it was amazing ! since i loved her writing so much i quickly moved on to read `` slammed '' and i thought i was emotionally drained after hopeless but then slammed grabbed my heart and i went on another roller coaster ride . colleen hoover is amazing and her stories are heart stopping ! i ca n't wait to read point of retreat ... if you like to have her heart in a story ... read this book ! ! !
= amazing ! !
< wow ! ! !

> vitamin squeeze was very easy to use . it gives you vitamin c with no calories . the mixture uses sucralose as the sweetener . as with most artificial sweeteners , it may or may not trigger your bitter taste buds . for me , it was also hard to get the right amount of sweetness : it was either too light or too sweet . if you can get the flavor right , then this is the energy drink for you .
= pretty good if you like the flavor .
< easy to use

> i am in the sun nearly everyday of the year . i need sun protection and this product is truly the best i 've used . i do n't like the feel of thick , heavy sunscreens . this product glides on without that thick feel and disappears leaving me protected and my skin hydrated . it also has a pleasant , very light scent that does not shout out `` been to the beach '' .
= i use it every day
< great product

> read this book in one day , the author did a great job developing the characters , yeah taylor was a witchy-poo in the beginning , and hunter had me laughing with his smart mouth . but chelsea camermon did a great job bring these two together . i was rooting for them . very enjoyable read ! looking forward to reading more books from this author !
= pretty good book , hunter is a pretty cool dude ! !
< great read !

> this was a good read , could have revealed more but it 's sufficient to keep you entertained . enjoy the bike ride and hot as hell austin , he will make you see stars . heroine , amy reveals her true self , can not hide who you are . there needs to be second book , too many questions left hanging .
= hot bikers ... .. enjoy the ride !
< good read

> for medical reasons , i can.t drink alcohol , so was thrilled to know crystal light has come out with some cocktail flavored drink . i really enjoyed the margarita mocktail . i will try the others but i really liked this one.when others are enjoying an alcoholic beverage , i can enjoy one also ! thanks crystal light .
= nice cocktail !
< i love the margarita mocktail

> while this is not the greatest coffee i 've tasted , it certainly is n't the worst . it does n't exactly taste like the description ( but really , what coffee ever does ) and with some additional help in for the form of flavored creamers , it does pass my test of drinkability in the morning .
= decent coffee .
< not the best

> these are high-grade black matte titanium blades . light weight and rust-resistant , they did an excellent job of slicing my old atm card . not getting rusty means they 'll keep their sharpness longer and be a safer pair of scissors to keep in my desk drawer.the lightest pair of scissors i 've owned . highly recommended .
= black matte titanium blades do the job well
< excellent scissors

> i enjoyed this book . the whole family was weird , but i understand why . i thought julie was funny , and matt was pretty awesome . i want a ff ( flat fynn ) lol . this is a book i can read twice , and still think it 's cute and funny .
= enjoyed this book ...
< cute

> holy $ % # this series keeps getting better and better ! ! ! ! ! ! i 've never read a series where it just keeps amazing me like this.if you are questioning if you should read this or not , i say pick it up asap ! amazing ! ! ! !
= holy % & ^* this is great
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i 'm very intrigued by this story the twist and turns keeps me on my toes . i really like brooke strong and resilient are awesome traits . i am speechless on the relationship between these 2 strong characters . i 'm glad i finally read this .
= an interesting twist
< wow ! ! !

> i love this series- i think it 's my new favorite ! i love th characters , the story , the emotion ! it was an amazing read - and believe me , i have read 20 books in a 3-4 month span . get a copy !
= absolutely fantastic ! ! !
< amazing !

> max is just too much ... and then some . loved that sara was able to see who max is . could not stop reading until the end . i recommend this highly to anyone looking for a tintillating read
= i think i am in love !
< max

> i really loved the characters brooke and remy ! good story line but i did think the licking like a lion was a little strange . remy is really a gentle giant . could not put it down !
= outstanding
< loved it !

> i cant get enough of ka books..i have read every one of her books and i never , ever tire of her crazy , sexy , sweet , alpha , characters . i feel like i know these people . i have followed them through thick and thin and they have given me countless hours , no days , no weeks of great reading time . they are always different and they always win me over immediately . hop kincaid and lanie did not disappoint . he is crazy chaos and she is crazy ttyra 's best friend . the story begins with lanie propositioning hop to get some no strings attached sex . yeah right , that will never work with any of the ka men , but they gave it a go and the rest is history . they did & # 34 ; it & # 34 ; ' they thoroughly enjoyed & # 34 ; it & # 34 ; and then they went about trying to forget about the & # 34 ; no strings attached & # 34 ; agreement and try to build a relationship . sometimes good , sometimes bad , but always , and i mean always hawt as hell . loved the progression for them and all those around them . of course we catch up on tack and tyra , and we touch on tabby and shy , but you 'll find that this and own the wind actually flip flop . events in is book took place while the tabby and shy events were unfolding . you 'll know what i mean when you read this . anyway , get this book and enjoy all that is chaos and fall in love with hop and lanie .
= kristen ashley is my hero..
< i cant get enough of ka books..i

> super 8 is writer/director j.j. abrams ' paen to spielberg and even a gentle nod to king 's stand by me . in essence , the coming-of-age theme overshadows the sci-fi elements and provide the film 's heart.set in 1979 , the story follows the misadventures of a group of teens bonded by friendship and their attempt to make their own zombie movie for a contest . things heat up when a train crash results in the release of an extraterrestrial creature.the young actors are superb , especially elle fanning and josh courtney . fanning has an uncanny maturity and lovely innocence that prophesizes a great future in films . just savor her marvelous `` transformation '' to a zombie -- it 's priceless . and marvel at courtney when he stands up in hurt defiance at his stern father . you feel his anguish . kyle chandler ( friday night lights ) and ron eldard ( blind justice ) are outstanding in non-cliche roles as the fathers.the special fx are good but i would have liked to see more of the creature to add terror impact . abrams ' script and direction capture the period nicely . however , the movie confuses us as to whether the alien is to be feared or sympathized with . after all , alice states `` it 's just hungry and wants to go home . '' -- -the same creature who has been wiping out the town 's citizens and dogs . and is the strange device that moves around in joe 's room alive ? super 8 is certainly enjoyable but may frighten younger children . adults may enjoy its nostalgia and gentle depiction of friendship and love .
= alien go home
< a zombie movie for adults

> i 've never seen the stage version of `` chicago '' , so i ca n't say if the movie was faithful to the source material , but judged on it 's own by a pair of fresh eyes , `` chicago '' was a lot of fun , especially considering i 'm generally not crazy about movie musicals . no wait a minute ... ... .. except for `` west side story . '' after seeing this movie i clearly understand why it had won 6 oscars including best picture.catherine zeta jones has a very nice voice and plays the confident velma with bravado . renee is perfect as the fame hungry , roxie , determined to see herself in the lime light but instead ending up in prison along side murderess , velma . the remaining roles are filled quite nicely by richard gere as billy flynn and queen latifah as mama morton . i also got a kick out of seeing christine baranski , chita rivera , and mya in smaller roles . everyone chosen for this film has a good voice and are very talented . the songs are really catchy and choreography was wonderful . it 's great to see some actors who do n't normally sing and dance be pushed to the edge of their talents . overall it 's a great production . the director did an excellent job of splicing the musical numbers with flashes of the actual events that keeps the film moving along . i now own this dvd and this is one of my favorite films . i do recommend `` chicago '' , even for the ones who do n't generally flock to musicals .
= this is a amazing musical !
< a fun , fun movie

> if you have been entranced by vermeer 's paintings , and like to imagine a story behind them , this novel creates a fascinating but subtle story about the young woman with the pearl earrings . who could she be ? how did vermeer know her ? what is she thinking ? author tracy chevalier makes her the servant girl in vermeer 's large household . in addition to her household duties , the artist vermeer asks her to help him with his work . grinding the powder to make paint , sixteen-year-old griet , becomes enamored of the creative process and vermeer 's craft . the book deftly juxtaposes the magical and mysterious world of art with the messy reality of caring for a large family with limited funds . and griet has her own life to contend with.the book is written in language which complements the art ; there 's a sparseness but luminosity about the writing . we felt as if we were in 17th century holland . you could feel the bleakness and the color . i once wondered if vermeer 's paintings really were that special compared to other art of the period . i visited an exhibition at the metropolitan art museum in new york on art from the netherlands , in which vermeer 's paintings were hung on the walls with other artists from this area and time period . vermeer 's works stood out in comparison . the detail , lines , light , color and radiance . you really saw they were exceptional . it 's too bad vermeer painted so few . this book will explain , in part , why . i loved it .
= luminous vermeer
< a fascinating but subtle story

> stunning , emotional book . completely surprising read.please don & # 8217 ; t shy away from this book due to the war-time setting . wounded is an emotional , satisfying story of two souls brought together by the harsh realities of war.rania is a beautiful iraqi woman who had to resort to prostitution at a very young age in order to simply survive . she is shut down emotionally until by chance she meets hunter , an american fighting in iraq . they can not communicate at first due to the language barrier but learn to communicate in other ways. & # 8220 ; he is asleep . so handsome . i do not understand what is happening to me . from the first moment i saw him , something in him called to my blood and made it sing. & # 8221 ; - raniams . wilder delivers some very lush and explicit sex scenes between rania and hunter which were an unexpected surprise. & # 8220 ; rania . her name is music . her eyes are veiled pools of expression . she hides behind anger , behind toughness . it & # 8217 ; s all an act . i see the pain . see the fear . see the need . she & # 8217 ; s lonely . she hates what she does . & # 8221 ; - hunterthe author is a gifted writer with a a sensitive voice . wounded is not filled with light-hearted scenes , but it is ultimately a story of love and understanding that will leave you fulfilled at the end .
= emotional , fulfilling story
< stunning , emotional book

> let me start off by saying what a superb actor anthony hopkins is and this movie was so great with him in it . the other characters were great too but hannibal lector is so sneaky you can never tell his next move.this movie follows the tracking of a deranged serial killer only known as buffalo bill . he kills fat women and then dumps their bodies in rivers before cutting part of their skin off in order to make a female body suit . fbi office starling tries to get hannibal lector to tell her who buffalo bill is and why he is doing it . hannibal though enjoys toying with people minds and only answers in strange riddles . he gives the littlest bit of information to the senetor whose daughter was kidnapped by buffalo bill in order for him to escape his prison . he does it in such a sick way by cutting a man 's face of in order to pretend he was the person . thinking he was the poilceman he was rushed to the hospital but in the ambulance he made his escape . agent starling finds the pverted buffalo bill and does a fast paced chase of him through his house before killing him . dr. lector though has a little phone call for her though before hanging up and going to go eat the doctor who locked him up for so many years.this is a great movie and is must see for horror movies lovers . the only thing i did n't like was that the sequels were all really bad though .
= anthony hopkins did great in this film
< a great movie

> if you , like myself , have been with this series since the beginning , you will absolutely love this wrap up of this wonderful series . we begin at the start of brynne and ethan 's life as a married couple ; and boy do they ever get it started , lol . raine definitely made us feel like a voyeur , as though we are a third wheel on their honeymoon . we see them mature and grow as a couple , and things that we thought were resolved have a way of rearing their ugly head just when we least expect it . both ethan and brynne still have demons from their past that they are struggling to overcome , and we finally get full disclosure on ethan 's dark , haunting past . if you did not already love ethan , this last installment forces you to just adore him ; you see his romantic , vulnerable , anxious and sensitive side . love the historical tie ins , and it has encouraged me to go back and read those books from raines early collection , as i became acquainted with her work with this blackstone series . what a precious , precious way to complete this amazing series ; this one by far is my fav . thanks raine for an amazing series .
= raine miller has a `` rare and precious '' gift .
< another amazing series by raine raine

> like the previous two installment films of the lord of the rings , there are some things that peter jackson changed from the books ; some things that were left out ; and a heck of a lot done right . the return of the king is a monumental piece of cinematic spectacular . it is true to the spirit of the original work and brings the series to a bitter-sweet conclusion . the acting is wonderful ( especially for a fantasy film ) , the special effects unlike anything ever seen , the story remarkable , etc . even if you missed the first two films ( and especially if you saw fellowship but missed two towers ) this is the one you definitely want to see before it leaves theatres . besides some nit-picking things changed from the novel , the only complaint i have about the film is how long the first half of the last fourth of the movie went . i mean , it takes forever for frodo and sam to climb halfway up mount doom and then it goes on even longer as the frodo dangles the ring over the pit before succumbing to it 's temptation . other than that , this is the shortest and best three and a half hour film you 'll probably ever see .
= the end of the fellowship .
< the best of the series

> i really enjoyed this book . niffenegger 's writing style is clear and straightforward , conveyed through the perspectives of her very frank two main characters . i like nonlinear stories and i 'm always curious to see how an author manages such in an original approach . niffenegger weaves many stories to one , creating a multidimensional setting of an otherwise very simplistic plot . she delivers that layered development artfully . there were no gotcha moments in the plot for me , which was a slight surprise considering its spiral presentation of time . it was not formulaic in any sense ; rather , the characters were so well drawn that their progressions were quite logical and readily deduced . i admit to doing some bonus stretching of my mind to stay with her at times , but those moments seemed well placed if not anticipated in the writing . i loved her handling of the aspect of time travel as a biological condition , and of the behaviours that act manifest in her character as applicable to managing any other chronic imbalance . rather than on the potential scifi exploit convenient spiritual implications , niffenegger 's focus was clearly on developing the relationship of these two people in an unusual setting . rightfully so , as it worked amazingly well .
= gone daddy , gone
< a good read

> the premise of this book is so interesting . what would you do if you could go back in time to 1958 ? the main character of this book takes up the mission to wait it out for 5 years and prevent president kennedy & # 8217 ; s assassination . for funding , he has startup capital plus a list of sports wins on which he can bet.i knew going in that it was a big ol & # 8217 ; door-stopper of a book & # 8230 ; so is & # 8220 ; the stand & # 8221 ; , and i adored every word and have read it multiple times . but this one bogged down in the middle , it felt like he was describing every . single . day . of the five years . in first-person narration . of a person i wasn & # 8217 ; t sure i particularly liked . so & # 8230 ; . after it sat around on the back of my couch for a while , i forced myself to skim through the last half to the finish to find out what happened . mr. king is an excellent writer , but i really think this one could have benefitted from a ruthless editor .
= less is more
< interesting premise , but not great

> kingsolver in my view is one of the most thoughtful and daring of modern writers.this feisty opus from her is set against one of the most dramatic political chronicles of recent times : congo 's fight for freedom from belgium , the gruesome murder of its first prime minister , the cia coup to install his replacement , and the sordid progress of a world economic order that robs the fledgling african nation of its autonomy.sound familiar ? that engaging backdrop alone is reason enough for me to recommend this treat of a read . the narrator 's first person voice is fascinating and indelibly colored by her own losses and unanswerable questions . also narrating the story , by turns , are her four sharply observant daughters , each of whom must strike her own separate path to salvation , a path paved with moral risk and personal responsibility.for its audacity in setting up a fascinating literary scaffolding ( with the intertwined narratives ) or for its politically charged backdrop , or for the sheer worldly wisdom packed within its many pages , the poisonwood bible offers twin pleasures of being a dark comedy of human failings as well as the breathtaking possibilities of human hope.i could n't recommend this book highly enough .
= an engaging saga of hubris , history & amp ; hope
< a dark comedy of human failings

> it was interesting to read the language of flowers so close to reading pollyanna . the central character of the language of flowers , victoria , like pollyanna , is an orphan , but that is the only way victoria and pollyanna are alike . victoria is a wild animal , a child who has spent her life going from foster home to foster home , who has suffered at the hands of many disastrously unqualified foster parents , who has learned to destroy relationships before the others have a chance to do the same . victoria somehow is placed with elizabeth and elizabeth , because of her own difficult experiences with her mother , sees through victoria 's attempts to sabotage their relationship and bonds with her . but this relationship is doomed , too , as both elizabeth and victoria ca n't quite dare to make the commitments to each other that they want to do.at times , victoria 's behavior in the story seemed too extreme to have been accepted by elizabeth , but that is my one difficulty with the book . i loved the role of flowers in the story , for healing , for building relationships , for happiness.very good book .
= the real meaning of flowers
< interesting book

> i could n't disagree more with pw 's and booklist 's assessment of this book . far from 'strained ' , hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet is a poem to the sweetness to be found in life 's bitterness . the protagonist , henry lee , has every reason to be bitter ; his wife of forty years has just died after a long , painful and expensive battle with cancer , he has difficulty communicating with his son marty , a very successful college senior , and many years before he was separated from his first love keiko when she was interned during wwii , and his own father conspired to keep keiko from henry.this story of fathers and sons , of the horrors americans perpetrate on each other in the name of patriotism , of acts of kindness performed by the most unexpected people and of lost love resonates with the sweetness and sorrow of sheldon thomas ' jazz saxophone . mr. ford never succumbs to the temptation to make his characters stereotypical , and the novel is the richer for the surprises they generate . i loved it .
= a masterpiece !
< a great story

> there are some witty little things about bob marley 's dad on the package , that make you kinda feel like you are `` livin ' the dream '' alongside the marley 's just by sippin ' on a cuppa joe . this actually struck an emotional chord with me . i like the idea of helping others achieve/live/enjoy their dreams.but the flavor of this brew did n't really match up to my locally freshly roasted coffee beans . in fact , i even preferred some whole bean stuff that kroger made.i understand that there is a world of difference between the marley pods and actual beans that you grind . i took this into account when i gave the product 4 stars . i like the marley organic , and i 'm keen on organics anyway.. but i do n't think i 'll be buying it again . at the current price of .67 per unit i can throw out a half pot of freshly roasted coffee and still save money ... i 'm not sure that the convenience of using a pod is worth the premium .
= i like it
< bob marley 's dad

> loved real , but so loved mine . there is not enough words to describe how incredible this book is to me . it had me from the start to finish . it had me in so many different emotions one of them involved tears lots of them . in one part of the book i kinda related in a way with b.remington oh my remington he is the perfect specimen of a man . brooke so love her and love how sassy she is and how she is good for remy as he is for her too . since i wont and cant spoil it to the future readers and if i do n't stop soon ill spill it all . but this book has some surprises and omg , so read it to find out . i wish to read more of bremy ! ! thank you katy for another amazing book .
= i want my very own lion ! !
< loved real , but so loved mine

> the primula tempo coffee press is a great gift idea for those who live or know a coffee lover . your ordinary cafe drinker may not appreciate the many nuances that a coffee press adds to an ordinary cup of joe . but , a real coffee lover will enjoy the rich taste of a press brew . please make sure to let them know that you need course ground coffee beans when brewing because anything finer will ruin the coffee . the glass container will keep your coffee nice an warm but do n't let it sit too long ( unless you enjoy the taste of lukewarm java ) . for the uninitiated , its an acquired taste but a nice one at that.get one today for either as a gift or just for yourself to enjoy .
= for the coffee lover this is a must
< a nice gift idea

> this is a wonderful protective case that provides a good grip on your ipod and does n't have that flimsy feel that a lot of silicone cases have . this is exactly what i wanted and i love the comfortable feel that the case provides . i wanted something that was flexible and had a nice feel to it and this meet those desires . the case came in an amazon box tucked inside a bubble mailer so there was no chance of it being crushed by the po and was quickly delivered . i am really happy with the quality and price of this case .
= excellent value
< great protective case

> when i first read damaged ( the first one ) i was n't sure if i was going to like it , but of course that left me with a cliffhanger , so i could n't wait for number 2. i am so glad it 's finally here . i absolutely love this one . it was funny , sweet , and pretty awesome . h.m. ward does it again , and i look forward to reading more about the youngest brother ! ! ! oh , and i want a turkey vulture ! ; )
= loved ! ! !
< love this one ! ! !

> this was enjoyable and full of twists and turns . except for the bad guys who were in plenty , ryan ( our hero ) , katie and the peripheral characters were very likeable and easy to warm up to . the amnesia and the resulting drama with the drug companies was well thought out so the plot was exciting but simple to understand , and even though the ending was pretty predictable it was a nice change to read something so easy to follow and get into . well worth purchasing .
= a very enjoyable book by a good author !
< enjoyable

> this instant ginger lemon drink by gold kili is meant to be served warm to hot . the taste presents initially as lemony , with a strong gingerly aftertaste . those familiar with similiar hot drinks served in the far east are likely to find it appealing . for those not familiar with the taste , it is a little like hot spiced cider . the concentration can be diluted to reduce the ginger aftertaste if desired . it is recommended as a no-caffiene hot drink alternative to coffee or tea .
= strong drink ...
< warm to hot

> this makes planting and growing virtual fail proof and very easy . the seeds are in pods , and each pod is clearly marked as to the contents . simply prepare the planting area or pots ( i prefer planting in containers as our dogs love to dig up most things planted in the ground ) , select the seed pod , remove the description tab covering the seed pod , plant the pod and water.the planted seeds came up in a few days and are growing nicely .
= easy gardening
< very easy to use

> this book provides a dark but compelling vision of the future . it is n't always comfortable reading , but you are engrossed in the concept and the relationships in the book . one mans struggle against the totalitarian system is fascinating to read and the ideas of societies development is scary to consider . a classic book , well written and should be on every bookshelf.feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
= 1984
< a classic

> let me start with - - just fyi : this does not work with mac.i got it for my daughter 's laptop after her wireless crashed . it works o.k it is a little slow , but better than nothing . i was not able to install by plug-n-play , i had to install the driver.nothing spectacular about it . it works just fine and for the price , you really ca n't beat it .
= it is the perfect size - works o.k
< works well , but works o.k

> kelly , you have done it again . you made me fall in love with these characters . i fell in love with this book and could n't put it down until i was at the end and it was finished . the characters could n't have been better and the story more enthralling as it unraveled , leaving me breathless.i 'm so ready to read the next one to come from this series .
= omg what a great new series
< love , love , love this series !

> i am very happy with this seventh generation overnight diaper . it does not leak and it holds a lot . it fits really well without gapping . no chemicals or harmful ingredients for baby 's skin . highly recommend these disposable diapers for those who want to use disposables and not harm the environment .
= good diaper
< great for baby 's skin

> this face lotion works great . it is very easy to apply to the neck and face area . it absorbs fast and has a nice scent . it does feel a little greasy at first though which is really the only downside . overall though a great lotion that i would use again .
= works great .
< works great

> my bro 's pit and ma 's cockapoo loved these ! they went for em like they do for the other ones they like ; no fussiness like with the cheap brand treats . healthy ingredients and brush their teeth too !
= puppers dig !
< my dog loves them !

> i 'm rather disappointed in that i can not arrange and rearrange my queue . this app is basically allowing the user to stream a movie . that 's nice , but i would really like more .
= no queue arranging options
< i 'm disappointed

> a great love story . ellie has been emotionally shredded by her alcoholic mother . her brother jefferson is her only life line until gunner . a great read ... i could n't put it down .
= loved it ! ! ! ! ! !
< great story

> the second book in the this series does n't disappoint ... love all the ups and downs you never know what is coming to happen next ... ca n't wait for number three !
= great second book in series !
< love it !

> this is a great deep conditioning mask that helps your hair get extra moisturized . it 's great for occasional use and takes about three minutes to set while in the shower .
= great deep conditioner
< great for occasional use

> really loved this book and the story it tells . two people trying to fall in love in the & # 34 ; hollywood & # 34 ; world .
= love love love
< loved it

> peel back the facade of & quot ; leave it to beaver & quot ; america and what do you find ? & quot ; american beauty. & quot ; this film , as one of my friends accused , portrays only dysfunctional families and individuals . am i missing something ? are n't we all , in some way , functioning outside the parameters of our factory specs ? or are & quot ; things , & quot ; such as $ 4000 sofas and illicit relationships , what our designer had in mind for us to pursue ? this movie , through brilliant and understated acting , takes us into the lives of people who are dealing with these questions in drastically different ways . the film 's haunting , slow-paced honesty sits down beside you and casually drapes an arm over your shoulder . the question is whispered in your ear as you stare straight ahead : & quot ; do you see yourself in any of these people ? & quot ; and , as the plot twists tighter toward the end with surprising energy , you realize that you 've been suckered into jumping aboard a hurtling train that 's headed toward a ravine with the bridge washed out . washed out by the power of small , but deadly choices -- choices we all face at some point in our family histories.just as kevin spacey 's character begins to turn from the brink and see the beauty of his own wife and daughter , the dark honesty of his choices catches up with him . we are left to decide for ourselves which is more dangerous -- to jump off the train or to jump on as it hurtles toward the danger of & quot ; american beauty. & quot ; either way you jump , the impact of the landing will leave you stunned at the end of the film .
= take the jump
< the best of the film

> christine lucas is living one of my worst nightmares . she wakes up every morning with no clue where she is , who the man is that 's lying in bed beside of her , and thinking she 's at least twenty years younger . every morning her husband has to wake up to find her in a panic and explain her life to her . she remembers what he tells her until she goes to sleep and then she forgets everything once again . she begins secretly seeing a doctor that has her start keeping a journal . he calls her each day and tells her who he is and where to find the journal . once she starts reading what she 's written down each day , she finds things are n't quite what they should be.this book had me hook , line , and sinker from the very beginning . the premise was so different from anything i 've read before , especially in the thriller genre . once i would start reading , i found it hard to stop . i could n't wait to find out what had caused christine 's amnesia and whether or not she would remember . i could n't wait to find out who was telling her the truth and who was lying to her . this was just one of those books that you ca n't put down until you have all the answers ! some parts were repetitive as i 've seen other reviewers comment on , but to me it seemed necessary to the story . she does have amnesia after all , so of course each day you 're going to have to hear about her waking up in a panic and asking her husband questions . this was an excellent debut novel and i ca n't wait to see what the future holds for this author .
= excellent debut !
< excellent debut novel

> if you are averse to welcoming the ever-earlier inexorable onslaught of calculated christmas commercialism , elf is the perfect antidote . in fact , i predict this hilarious and genuinely warmhearted film will become a holiday family tradition much like `` a christmas story '' and `` it 's a wonderful life . `` will ferrell is buddy , a normal-sized human who as a baby crawled into santa 's toy bag and was whisked to the north pole where he 's raised as an elf . a blissfully optimistic misfit three times the size of his adopted elf family , buddy ultimately makes his way ( in full elf regalia ) to manhatten , his birth city , where he meets his dad , a scrooge-like james caan and cynical eight-year-old half-brother who does n't even believe in santa.but worst of all , elf realizes no one appears to have surrendered to the true meaning of chritmas -- which we must assume here means innocence and selfless love . buddy has his work cut out for him in a series of always surprising , sometimes wild set pieces that never become sappy or smarmy or sentimental.it ocurred to me that farrell plays elf as slightly retarded or mentally challenged or maybe he has aspergers syndrome , a form of autism that makes a person single mindedly focused ( obessesed really ) and oblivious to acceptable , ordinary social interactions.directed by jon favreau ( `` made , '' `` swingers '' ) , the film co-stars mary steenburgen , zooey deschanel , bob newhart , peter dinklage , and ed asner as santa claus.the two disc infinifilm version is jam-packed with watchable extras , deleted scenes , commentaries , behind the scenes featurettes , games and dvd-rom content . i especially liked `` film school for kids . ''
= larger than life
< a , hilarious , and , and , and , and , and

> this drama , starring clint eastwood , and directed , produced , and partially written by him , is properly advertised as `` the performance of a lifetime . '' it is undoubtedly one of the best films . the story is about an elderly man , an award winning veteran of the korean war , an atheist , who has never been found contentment in life , whose wife just died , and who , knowing her husband 's problems , asks a young parish priest to look after him . he lives in a neighborhood that has changed , surrounded by orientals who he calls gooks , whom he does n't understand and dislikes intensely . he is very possessive of what he has and wants to be left alone . he becomes involved with his neighbors when they are attacked by a gang . everything about the film is great , the story , plot development , acting , pacing , suspense , scenery.viewers can be stimulated to ask lots of questions about the many issues raised in the film . these include : the problems of growing old , death of a spouse , illness among the aged , getting along with children , grandchildren , and neighbors , handling neighborhood gangs , prejudice , bad and belittling language , finding meaning in life , the existence of life after death , the impact of wars and killing , revenge , are clergy equipped to address problems they never faced . most significantly is the issue of change : can an irascible discontented elderly man , who has no ability to interact with his own family , find meaning and love from strangers ?
= a superb film that focuses on many subjects
< the performance of the performance

> ca n't add much to the positive reviews already resident on this excellent story featuring robert downey , jr. and jude law . entertaining sums it up for me ! this is one of those movies where you can test yourself to see what you see ( and what you do n't ) in trying to keep up with the clues provided ! i finally broke down and bought the dvd . it 's currently in rotation on hbo . now , i can watch it when i want ! my favorite scene is where sherlock holmes gets with a gypsy woman to tell watson 's fortune . he 's sucked in , but after awhile he figures out that he 's been had , but the lines that crack me up are : gypsy woman : ( the gypsy woman is referring to watson 's fiancee , mary in this exchange ) oh , she 's got a beard , and , oh , she 's covered in warts ! ! to which sherlock holmes deadpans : are they extensive ? ? that scene cracks me up everytime i watch it ( and i 've seen this move 20 times already , before i purchased the dvd ) ! i ca n't wait for the sequel ! robert downey strikes gold again in this role . kudos are also due the special effects in restoring turn-of-the-century london , down to the construction of the london bridge , with it 's combination suspension/cantilever design ( a first , i believe ) ! get your copy and have fun ( as i have ) ! what to rate this movie ? quite elementary actually - five stars !
= sherlock holmes ...
< sherlock holmes is back !

> first , do n't begin this book until you have all day to read ! this is one of those wow books . jasinda wilder just keeps getting better and better . kylie meets her & # 34 ; mystery man & # 34 ; blindfolded . i felt as if i were blindfolded as well . i had no idea what this guy looked like . we learned to trust him just as kyrie did . i was so impatient wanting to know what this guy looked like , how old he was , what he did for a living , and what awful secret that he had that would possibly make kyrie walk away . their meetings with the blindfold were hot . finally , at 46 % we meet our guy . whew ! ! kyrie had to feel like the most treasured woman in the world . he worshiped her mind , body , and soul . holy smokes , you will need a smoke after you read some of these scenes . i loved the bonus scene . no cliffhanger , but i want more ! ! the only complaint i would have is that i would have liked dual point of views , but it worked as written . this is another smash for jasinda .
= smoking hot
< wow ! ! !

> i love smart and snarky girls who seek revenge , know more than they should , exhibit cleverness beyond their age and end up precisely where they should n't be.flavia de luce is 11 years old and happens upon a dead man in the garden . this is the most fascinating thing that 's happened to her . until the police look at her father as their number one suspect . flavia finds the murder so fascinating she starts doing a little fact checking herself and before you know it she is engrossed in getting to the bottom of the mystery , but it is an entirely natural progression , it does n't seem odd or out of place or forced to the reader that flavia is researching the murder.flavia is a clever whip of a gal who self studies chemistry in an old laboratory in her house . she 's quirky and quick witted and an absolute riot to follow around town . not everything goes flavia 's way and her detecting methods are not as direct as the police but she comes upon answers.so join flavia and learn about philately , chemistry , and about the de luces an odd but loveable family.smacking good read - i 've recommended it to several people so far .
= i almost gave it five stars , it was certainly wickedly brilliant
< a good read -

> i read all the books well before the movie came out . of course my imagination is very different than the interpretation on the screen . in some areas i liked my view better but in other areas , the movie was a great enhancement.i loved seeing the movie in the theater but found that some of the shaky scenes were hard to watch ( the camera movement was very wobbly ) . watching it on our large screen at home , that issue was gone.the extras on the bonus disc are a little lacking . lots of mundane chat and not a ton of substance.the ultra violet version is worthless to me on satellite internet since i ca n't download large files . maybe some day.a recommended purchase if you did n't see the movie when it came out and if you did see it , still recommended if you enjoyed it . it is not all about children killing children . it is so much more than that . but you have to watch ( or read ) to get past that part and get the real intent of the story .
= wonderful movie adaptation , bonus material is a little lacking
< a great movie

> despite a great title and a decent premise , this book is both disappointing and aggravating from beginning to end . the author is self-absorbed and irritating , and her 'insights ' into the people she meets and the places she goes are shallow and annoying . the endless reflection on the horror of a marriage that did n't seem that horrible to me , and the quest for spirituality that has gilbert chatting with god in india made finishing this book a torment . finding out that she got the book advance before heading out on her journey made total sense ; the trip fit into the book proposal rather than the other way around . the fact that her giant spiritual journey to learn how to be alone ends with her pairing up with a brazilian expat was the final straw ; i certainly do n't believe she grew or learned anything at all about herself on this quest . get this book from the library if you have to read it ; i 'm seriously annoyed that i helped fund this venture by spending money on this drivel !
= would be zero stars if i had that option !
< disappointing

> got these in yesterday and have tried a couple of them to find out i do like the actual coffee roast itself which is more on the light side but not far off from medium roast . the coffee has a smooth flavor with no bitterness which is a big hit with me but the only thing i 'm not overly thrilled with and the reason for the three stars is i think the caramel flavoring is just a bit much . i have tried it with and without cream and with just the coffee buy itself it was an intense flavoring but with the cream it did seem to soften it a bit but just not enough for me to really enjoy it . i will look and see if i can find martinson coffee without flavoring since i really do like the roast . this i think it one of those you either love it or hate it . if you like caramel then you should be happy here .
= they are okay !
< smooth and smooth

> the only things you want to know about `` the illusionist '' are these.1 . the fun of this movie is the mystery ... so do n't let anyone give you `` spoiler '' information.2 . although like every other movie , the fun of watching is in the suspending of disbelief , it is a movie that you have to pay attention to and think about . watch it with someone , but no fair guessing out loud.3 . my review . this is a very visual film ; there is a great feeling of time traveling to the setting of the film . this is a very dark , sad and romantic story that you will want to watch again . this is a very smart and clever film that reaches out and drags you in , and the ending is ... i wo n't tell !
= clearly the best film i 've seen in a long , long time .
< a very smart and clever film

> just perfect . brynne and ethan have been through so many challenges . their love always helped them through everything . throughout this book brynne and ethan are awaiting the birth of their child . this is the perfect ending to their story . the sex scenes were perfect and you could feel their love . there are still some demons that they must work through . there 's just something about a big alpha male wilting at the site of their newborn baby . that 's how i like to think of ethan . job well done ! ! ! no cliffhanger . dual point of views . this is not a stand alone . you must read the other books in order to really understand how they got to where they are .
= perfect
< perfect ending to a great series

> both my husband and myself tried this product to make sure it really works . and it really does . while it is difficult for me to think of only using this once every two days , i did n't , but i like the fact that the option is available.the scent is great for males and females -i used it during a freak heat wave and it worked . no wet circles under my arms , even while the rest of me perspired.my husband had the same reaction to it- no perspiration from his arm-pits at all . no musky smell either . i get so annoyed with products that ad a musky smell to it , since is n't that what you are trying to avoid in the first place ?
= does its job splendidly
< works well

> the first spider-man film had a long gestation period , passing from director to director ( james cameron was probably the best known ) , before landing on sam raimi -- who does an awesome job of pulling it all together . i 'm thinking this extended pre-production phase really helped develop the story too.this is the way to make a great comic book hero movie : treat the story as seriously as the characters in it would live it.the cast is wonderful ( except i 'm not that wild about kirsten dunst , she just is n't comic book babe material ) , the story keeps slinging along , and the cameos are fun.a great way to start a franchise !
= the way a comic book should be made into a movie
< great movie , great cast , great cast , great cast

> the scotch precision ultra edge scissor seems to be well suited to general household or craft projects that do not require long stretches of use . the grip was comfortable in the short term but seemed a bit small for many adult hands . it did well with all types of paper , including tissue and several sheets of construction weight paper . although you can use them for fabric , they would never be mistaken for the clean , nimble cutting action of dressmaking shears . as for the 100,000 cuts , i will have to do a follow up review at some point . all in all , a fairly priced , semi-disposable , multi-use product .
= not ideal for every purpose but adequate for many
< good for craft projects

> nice sunscreen with no beachy smell . it caused a mild irritation on my face but i am sensitive to some of the ingredients listed - glycerin and parabens . it worked really well on my arms and legs . the sunscreen actually protected my skin but it was n't greasy at all -a problem i encounter with other brands.i have to say that the color is not really appealing it looks like a light creamy avocado color , but i guess that 's the least of my concerns . it absorbs quickly and leaves no residue , good for my arms and legs without the shinny skin or a sizzling effect under the sun .
= no sizzling skin !
< nice sunscreen

> this is a unique film , it 's dark even by director-writer fincher 's standards . it 's a great movie , but you feel like you need to shower after seeing it . the ending is of course infamous , but the film is so much more than the ending , and freeman as always is great , as for pitt , well i 'm not a fan , but he works in this film . fincher has a thing for deep noir and this is dark , if you like suspenseful thrillers then you will really like this film , but not for the squeamish i assure you .
= very noir
< dark , dark , and dark

> illy is a top coffee brand in italy , so i was eager to try their pre-packaged cappuccino . it had an enticing aroma , but that 's where the enticement ended . this drink tastes of sweetener with the merest hint of cocoa , but no hint at all of coffee . nor did it taste anything like cappuccino . puzzling but true . the convenience of popping open a can is nice , but i 'll continue to make cappuccino at home using my little stove top espresso pot and a frother for the milk .
= meh
< tastes like sweetener

> iron man , i saw it when it first came out , it 's a very good movie , robert downey jr nailed it on the head in the role , i do n't like that cheadle replaced his friend in the upcoming iron man movie . i figure you do n't mess with a good thing . it 's funny , fun and lots of action and seems true to the comic book from my point of view . hope the next installment is as good as this .
= iron man .
< iron man

> i have read several of maya bank 's books and found them very good . i was a little worried in the beginning but silly me , the book captured me and i had a hard time putting it down . i have already pre-ordered the next two books in the trilogy . fabulous book . gabe , ash , jace , mia - all terrific characters . i just hate waiting for the next two books to come out . make sure you read this book !
= a must read !
< loved it !

> gold kili all natural instant ginger & lemon beverage mix is very good ! it smelled amazing when i opened the pkg & even more so when i added the water . it comes in a granulated form & smells very warm and spicey and its a nice rich brown color . it also tastes warm & spicey goin down ... it tastes sweet so it doesn , t need sweetner . i really liked it . i think it would also make good iced tea .
= really good ! ! ! !
< very good !

> i loved this ending to the series . the little family that blaire and rush created was beautiful . i am so glad we got to see more with their dads and everything was beautiful with little nate . nan is still bitchy and crazy , so i guess we will so more of that soon . thank you abbi glines for giving blaire and rush the ending they deserve ! !
= perfect ending
< loved it !

> this is one of the scariest movies since the exorcist . it explores the elements of true raw fear caused by isolation , loss of hope , knowing death is inevatable , and the fear of being hunted by something that you ca n't understand or even see . after seeing this horror film i never saw camping the same again , i highly recommed it for all horror fans .
= scary as hell ! !
< the best horror movie of the year

> i loved this book . i have been waiting forever for it to come out ! good story line . great to see how the couple from the last book is doing . i like that there are tattooed , rockers , college age adults in the series and are accepted for who they are . and nit for what they look like . i highly recommend this book !
= jet
< loved it !

> i totally love the black falcon series ! this novella gave us more of riff and aubrey and a better insight into riff . i loved that noel and lanie were also brought back into he story ! ! ! you have to love happy endings ! was great to have this story now , while we wait for the next novel in the series !
= yep ! it rocked my world !
< love riff ! ! !

> wow . such a touching read . i did n't read too much as to what this story was , so i was taken aback when she was suddenly in africa.i cried at multiple points in this book , and kept a steady sob for the last 30 % of the book.this was just amazing .
= you are so going to need tissues
< wow

> i watched this because it was the only thing on . boy am i glad i made that decision . this is one of the coolest movies ever made and they do n't skimp on the violence do they . it is a great film made with great improvement by a weird genius .
= great
< one of the best movies ever made

> the playtex sport variety of tampon did n't seem any better or worse than the other normal variety . the shape is different but i did n't notice any issues or improvements . i gather this product acts differently for different women and that 's it has had leaking issues for others .
= good product but did n't notice any benefit to `` sport ''
< did n't notice any better

> i have read all of her other books and i knew i had to read this one and it definitely did not disappoint ! she pulls you in from the very beginning and keeps you one the edge of your seat ! so good !
= ahhh ... carter reed !
< loved it !

> this book was touching ! i could n't put it down it was awesome ' i love reading it & the characters in it are amazing . i never want abbi '' s books to end . i loved them all .
= touching !
< loved it !

> this is a good movie . it kept me clue to the tv . they did a great job on the make up of the dead . the end was crazy and kept me at the end of my seat .
= good movie
< good movie

> from page one , this book is impossible to put down & kept me reading ! this tale is sizzling and will have you fanning yourself as well as crying a little .
= effortless
< wow !

> ... but i 'm not one of them.it was just `` ok. '' the flavor of the flakes is passable , but way too sweet for my taste . they are also very hard ( i would n't say `` crisp '' -- they 're too thick to be crisp ) . they do soften a bit in milk , but the huge amount of sugar gives them a rather slimy exterior on a crunchy interior . if you 're not put off by that , then the flakes may work for you . on the plus side , they 're high fiber.the `` summer berry '' part of the cereal includes freeze-dried strawberries , raspberries , and blackberries . these are recognizable thick slices of strawberry and whole raspberries ( i still have n't found a blackberry anywhere in the package ) . the problem is -- once `` reconstituted '' by milk , the strawberries become spongy and almost tasteless , while the raspberries become very sour tasting . this actually helps offset the cloying sweetness of the flakes , but overall just does n't work for me.i give this three stars because it does have some flavor and high fiber , and it will definitely appeal to some tastes.i 'm a cereal `` junky , '' and have it for breakfast 4-5 days a week . my favorites include frosted mini-wheats ( to which i add dried cranberries ) , and low-sugar granolas . so i 'm not averse to `` sweet '' cereals . i just found this far too sweet , and the various textures ( thick hard flakes , spongy fruit ) off-putting.obviously , your mileage may vary .
= some folks , somewhere , will love this cereal ... .
< not bad ...

> the original jurassic park movie remains my favorite of the three in the series . released in 1993 , this was one of the first movies to heavily use cgi effects seamlessly in conjunction with live action . the overall effect is nothing short of unbelievable or , more to the point , totally believable dinosaurs interacting with humans.the movie 's plot centers on a paleontologist ( well played by sam neill ) who is hired to give his stamp of approval on a new `` theme '' park ahead of its grand opening . there is also good casting and acting from laura dern , jeff goldblum ( a good fit as a `` chaos-tician '' ) , samuel l. jackson ( way underutilized ) , and richard attenborough ( very likeable as the entrepreneur , john hammond ) . rounding out the main cast are two kids ( ariana richards and joseph mazzello as hammond 's grandchildren ) and an annoying programmer ( wayne knight , `` newman '' from seinfeld ) .the movie does require some suspension of disbelief and acceptance of pseudoscience but overall the plot is strong and the effects are believable.once the action starts in this movie it really does n't let up until the very end . this is one of the few movies that has the ability to keep you literally on the edge of your seat . i have `` nervous '' people in my family who ca n't watch the movie all of the way through because the tempo of the action is so intense . for that same reason it is one of my teenager 's favorite movies.highly recommended !
= a great movie , made with dino dna ! highly recommended
< `` i 'm a classic ! ''

> no country for old men is n't a thriller / horror film . it 's not an action / drama either . ncfom is a tragedy . this is 1980 texas , representing american innocence and ignorance . enter anton chigurh ( javier bardem ) , psychopathic murderer , relentless hunter , and harbinger of doom . he is the reaper , the angel of death , the antichrist , randall flagg , michael myers , and the terminator x 10 ! chigurh represents our societal dissolution into chaos . our slow , cancerous demise as a nation of life , liberty , or the pursuit of happiness . he is the beginning of the end . we are no more than cattle for his bolt-gun . who is he really ? the devil ? well , i do n't believe in the devil . however , anton chigurh seems extremely familiar to me . unfortunately , i do believe in him , and read / hear about him most every day , in all of his various guises . he is not so much eeevil as he is anti-good . there is no humanity , only bestial survival . no love ( nor hate for that matter ) , only cold , dead advancement through a society that dares not look at him . i truly believe that he 's always been with us . it now appears that he has gained great strength / momentum , and is ready for his day . no country for old men is a dire warning told in a fable . i ca n't get it out of my head ...
= the coming desolation ...
< the reaper of happiness

> i 've always avoided nutrition bars for a few reasons : 1 ) i hate that protein powder-taste that many of them have , as well as that rice-crispie texture that many of the other ( like luna bars ) have . 2 ) they tend to have so many calories and processed sugar , i might as well have a snickers.not so with raw fruit bars , like pure organics ( and larabars ) . i 've been a larabar devotee for awhile now , particularly their cherry pie and gingers bars . but i 've been curious about pure organics and finally got a chance to try one . i tried the cherry cashew bar because i love love love cashews . i 've got to say , it 's a pretty tasty bar . but i still like my cherry pie larabar better , because it 's , well , cherry-er ( the cherry pie larabar , though , uses almonds instead of cashews ) . this one 's nothing to sneeze at , and i 'll take it over a luna bar anyday , but i 'm probably not going to switch out of my larabar loyalty , at least not for this flavor.still , i highly recommend bars like pure organic or larabar over other nutrition bars . one is a single serving of fruit , they are all-natural , and though they do have sugar , it 's the kind that comes with fiber , so you fill up , and you do n't have the crazy blood sugar drop that you get with refined sugar . so , definitly try one !
= raw fruit yumminess
< i love love cashews !

> if the shipping charge is included in the equation , i can get several hundred mead security business envelopes at bj 's for less than the price of 40 reveal-n-seal business envelopes . then which is the better deal ? the mead envelopes are made of heavier stock , but the home office envelopes seem to be a brighter white . both have an adequate opaqueness for the security-minded.probably the major difference is that the mead envelopes have the tear off strip to uncover the adhesive , whereas the adhesive covering on the home office envelopes folds up and stays attached to the envelope.i actually prefer the tear off strip of the mead envelopes and find them easier to seal . one who does multiple mailings , however , may prefer to avoid the responsibility of getting all those envelope strips into the trash can.after sealing one of each envelope brand , i attempted to surreptitiously open both . the envelope flap of the home office envelope tore noticeably and could n't be opened neatly.i was able to open the sealed mead envelope without tearing the flap , though there were some obvious tamper wrinkles.if security and deterrence of snooping are paramount concerns , then the extra price for the home office envelopes might be worthwhile . at my workplace , for example , where paychecks are put in sealed envelopes before being placed in employee cubbies , tamper proof envelopes might be welcome.for one who only uses envelopes occasionally for casual correspondence , the ease of mead envelopes might be preferable to the tamper proof feature of the reveal-n-seal
= pushing the envelope
< not as good as the shipping charge

> let me just start by admitting i love coffee . i drink it and i cook with it . i start every morning with at least one cup of coffee . yep , i 'm one of those people who can not function properly until they 've had their caffeine fix . also , i like to grind fresh beans every morning for the perfect cup . i drink my coffee black with nothing else in it ( a coffee purist ) .but sometimes i 'm in a rush and need to find a good ground coffee ready to brew . my favorite stand-by has been dunkin doughnuts but i 'm always looking for better so i figured i would give this one a try . this coffee has a nice smooth taste that appealed to me . it goes great with breakfast and does not get that bitter aftertaste which i find in most ground coffees . this blend is pretty mild but not bland . the only possible drawback is that this coffee might not stand up well to drink by itself for some coffee drinkers who prefer a bolder flavor . for me it tasted like a keeper but coffee is a very subjective product.the fact that this product helps the indigenous farmers of rain forest is an added bonus . i get to feel good about choosing a coffee that helps people rather then big conglomerates and it tastes good too ! that 's a nice way to start any day in my book .
= as far as ground coffee goes , a winner
< a nice smooth taste

> nearly 10 years on , this spielberg classic is rivalled only by jaws for originality , tension , and superb performances . richard attenborough plays the stoic billionaire who has discovered how to extract dinosaur dna from a mosquito fossilised in tree amber , and decides to bankroll a genetics created theme park to wow the world . as always , with these schemes , you should listen to the age old maxim `` do n't mess with mother nature '' and despite the remote island location , the huge reptiles get loose , and go on the rampage . this was the first and definitely best in the series of 3 movies , and i almost wish they 'd stopped here , where the trilogy arguably peaked . wonderfully realistic cgi blends seamlessly with superb acting performances from sam neill , laura dern , jeff goldblum ( to name but a few ) . the best thing about this picture is it 's longevity however . like `` jaws '' it is a non topical and timeless adventure for the whole family ( with the exception of very small children ) . it 's gripping , and often scary without being offensive or gratuitous and will undoubtedly be rediscovered by each succesive generation of viewers . deservedly hailed now as a classic piece of cinema . a great movie at a great price . enjoy !
= still has `` wow '' appeal
< `` i 'm a classic ''

> tracy chevalier unpacks the mystery behind the vermeer painting `` girl with a pearl earring '' in her novel of the same title . griet , the 16-year-old girl in the painting , is a maid in the vermeer household . her father was a dutch tile painter who was blinded when his kiln exploded in front of him . in order to feed her family , griet becomes a maid in the vermeer house . from the moment young griet meets the mysterious painter , there is a connection between them ; a connection of veiled sensuality and vague longing . a wealthy client of vermeer 's is equally taken with griet and demands that vermeer paint her . resistant at first , vermeer finally paints griet in a fashion he had never done before . however , this simple role of model threatens to ruin griet forever.tracy chevalier did a tremendous job with this novel . it was captivating and beautiful , intelligent and entertaining . it was not a terribly deep work , but that is just fine . the reader does feel a strong connection to the narrator , griet , and her struggle with family , sexuality , and her place in the world of 1664. chevalier draws in the reader with her beautiful details and rich setting . this is an elegant and intriguing novel that i highly recommend .
= telling the story behind the painting
< beautiful , beautiful , intelligent and beautiful

> the synopsis really should have mentioned this was a series . nothing indicated this was the case . i try and read through other reviews before buying a book to make sure i 'm getting a stand-alone or starting a series where all books have been released , but that 's hard to do in detail without coming across spoilers . i am so d___n tired of cliffhanger endings . i only `` voluntarily '' read books in a series when all books are released for that trilogy . i think it 's incredibly disrespectful of writers to not disclose that the book you are purchasing does not have an ending and it 's a too be continued thing ... ... the sad part , aside from some slower parts in this read , the witty dialogue had me interested and my anticipation high . when things start actually happening in this book and i was starting to like it , bam , a half a_s/cliffhanger ending . and the next book is to be released in the fall of 2013 ? i think i 'm going to pass , because the way this ending so abruptly just ruined what had the potential of a good story.how much did i pay : .99will i recommend : nowill i read more in series : no
= ended as soon as it started getting good - cliffhanger that sucks
< i 'm so disappointed

> i do not drink `` energy '' drinks on a regular basis , but i do enjoy them while outside exercising . energy drinks usually have sugars and caffeine in order to claim to be `` energy '' drinks , and this stuff also has taurine in it . one can also taste the sucralose . it also contains vitamin c , b3 , b5 , b6 , b12 and electrolytes.the taste is a citrusy punch delight , and the fact that this comes out of a squeeze bottle that is measured to yield 24 servings means it 's easier to allow for more or less liquid according to taste . i prefer my drinks on the weak side because i drink more of it and strong red drinks tend to leave a red `` moustache '' on my upper lip . the red dye in this mixture can stain countertops , so be careful when pouring this ! liquid easily comes out of the bottle and returned to the frig afterwards . for the occassional drinker who would need a month to finish off the contents , this is n't a bad-tasting mixture . i have n't felt a `` zing '' after drinking this , though .
= tasty
< a citrusy punch delight

> these stain releasers come in small packets , about the size of a sugar packet , and can be used in any temperature wash.in top loading machines , you throw them into the water , in front loaders , you throw them into the drum , prior to putting in your wash. you can use 1 or 2 packets , depending on how heavily soiled your clothes are.i had a small load of white and colored items , not heavily soiled , for which i used one packet , in cold water.the result : the whites and colored items all looked much brighter , and had a very pleasant smell , that lingered even after they came out of the dryer.i have n't used these on dark items , and i do n't plan to , because the brightening was significant , and i 'm not sure if the stain boosters would fade dark colors.but for whites and brights , i was pleased with the results , and will use them again .
= brightens whites and colors
< works well , but not sure about the smell

> saw was interesting . i think i was expecting a more senseless out-and-out gore fest and while it is gorey , it pretends to have higher aspirations . that is actually what kind of diminsihed the film 's fun factor for me . the whole theme about appreciating life , the cat and mouse intrigue were fine - actually it then raised my expectations for the film . the problem is that after that , the script gets a little sloppy . the ending is quite frustrating and just a little too silly given the greater depth they had hinted at earlier . some fine scary moments and supsense are guaranteed however.elwes ' real accent keeps slipping out toward the end as his anger and fustration mount and numerous folks have pointed out the kill-him-while-you-have-him gaffe that occurs multiple times . both annoying factors as the film moves along . still , it can be a fun ride for thriller people .
= different from what i expected
< interesting , but not great

> i love huggies diapers in general . i find they are softer than a lot of others . i have used them for many babies and do n't have issues with diaper rash . they are very absorbent , yet skin stays dry . these are especially nice . the & # 34 ; double grip strips & # 34 ; keep the diaper snug and with the nice stretchy waistband , they lay flat against the belly in front as described on their page . they also just fit nice around baby 's butt , not all scrunchy like some other brands i 've tried . they arrived in a plain box , wrapped in 4 bundles . i like the no frills approach , more eco-friendly , and it 's convenient to just open and use one bundle at a time . finally , they are imprinted with mickey and minnie mouse , my personal favorites !
= huggies little movers , love them
< great diapers !

> ah ... this is the first jodi picoult book i ever read . i read it behind the counter at books-a-million and from there , i have bought and read ( some of them even multiple times ) the rest of her books.in re-reading her books , this one still stands out - it has the different voices ofsongs of the humpback whale : a novel ... though it has a strictly chronological timeline which is pretty new . it follows her courtroom formula , but it comes off as less formulaic in this one somehow . the end , certainly memorable , still shocks - not with the force of the first time , but shocks nonetheless , which may discourage some readers . i think part of my fondness for this book is that it reminds me of the lurlene mcdaniel books that i read in grade school .
= one of her best !
< ah ... this is the first jodi picoult book i ever read

> i 've been a hold out for a tablet but have done a lot of research into which one best fits my needs . i hate to admit it but price was a major consideration . the refurbished kindle fire 8.9 hd turned out to be a practical choice but i had no idea until after i had it up and running that i 'd basically given up almost nothing over it 's apple counterpart.this screen is bright . the downloading is quick and efficient . the operation is intuitive . i 'm going to be 70 next week and use social media to keep connected to the cutting edge of news and events . with this tablet i can easily take it along with me and never be cut off from family , friends , world events or movies and tv . = love x infinity .
= i could not put enough `` loves ! '' in this title line
< love it !

> i really wanted to like this product . i though it might be a nice alternative to the iced-coffee i drink during the summer ; and i really liked the idea that it had vitamins.likes -- two squirts in a cup of cold water produced a refreshing drink . it tasted 'fruit punchy ' and crisp. -- bottle was easy to use and did n't leak.dislikes -- after five minutes i suddenly discovered an after-taste that persisted for more than fifteen minutes . meh.wishful thinking -- wish they had used another sweetner. -- wish they 'd come out with a kid 's version without caffeine.conclusioni think this product is well priced . i think the initial flavor is really nice , but the after taste popped up after awhile which sort of detracted from the overall experience . you might try this in iced tea.pam t~
= it 's okay
< good , but not great

> out of the mio flavors i 've tried , the mango peach is my favorite.this one is okay but if you just add a squirt to 8 ounces of water , it tastes a bit weak , 2 squirts to 12 ounces worked out best for flavor for me . any more and the chemical sweetness leaves a strong aftertaste , any less and it 's just too weak to really taste tea.it 's a fantastic concept , but chemical sweeteners almost always have a bitter aftertaste for me . my teens like it a lot though , and are drinking more liquids because of having it on hand . the alternate between plain water , fruit juice.i still prefer tea made from scratch at home , but this is a very convenient product .
= tastes okay if you make it a bit strong
< not bad , but not great

> what 's good : gemma in skin-tights , great effects , more than passable action sequences.what 's not : anachronistic and/or overly-elaborate weapons - but this was fantasy , right ? the script certainly keeps things moving . we have all the right tensions between all the right characters ( like sheriff vs. free-lancers , unexpected kind of witch ) . it starts with a familiar fairy tale , but does n't try to change it ( or not much ) . instead , it adds new chapters at the end , and posits a bit of back-story before the traditional plot gets under way.popcorn-worthy , but i probably wo n't remember details a week from now. -- wiredweird , reviewing the release to theaters
= cool action/fantasy flick
< great effects , but not great

> this lipton `` herbal blackberry vanilla tea '' has a very pleasant flavor and comes in cute pyramid shaped tea bags . the tea has a strong blackberry flavor and somewhat more subtle vanilla undertone that works well together . i also like the pyramid shaped tea bags since they do seem to provide more room for the herbal ingredients to infuse into the water while steeping.the instructions say to steep for 4-6 minutes and i found that it suites my tastes a bit on the stronger side , both when hot or served cold . this is a good caffeine free tea that does n't require a lot of sweetener to make a good tasting and relaxing drink after diner.recommended ! cfh
= good herbal tea- recommended
< good flavor - recommended

> norton 360 multi-device is an easy to use solution for protecting yourself and your devices . the cloud-based deployment option makes installation a breeze . and , norton 360 multi-device does n't just protect from viruses , it also detects phishing , social networking threats , scams , malicious websites and identity theft ! that last one is a biggie , since cases of identity theft are on the rise . it even helps with unwanted calls and mobile spam , plus gives you added piece of mind that your data is protected if your device is ever lost or stolen.all in all , norton 360 multi-device is an easy to use software with a lot of nice features . recommended .
= easy , multi device solution ...
< easy to use software with a lot of nice features

> and i 'm glad . heartsick was necessary to build the relationship , but difficult reading at points for my stomach . i 'm hooked on the series now and will read themall . each character is well done , and i am especially interested in psychological fiction . this author has delved into a rather strange version which i 've not encountered before , and i am hooked . there are 3 to go so far . not sure how far this can go , but i do hope it ends at at proper time and does n't get dragged out as some do . excellent series , but please read from the beginning .
= not so gruesome as heartsick , but really good
< another great series by heartsick

> for a quick and easy breakfast , we often buyquaker instant oatmeal . this version is about 3x the cost , but it tastes considerably better . it has real walnut chunks and tastes great . it 's very easy to make by either adding boiling water or adding water and microwaving . my favorite thing about this product is that the packaging is the bowl . the pouch oatmeal requires a bowl , which requires soaking before you put it in the dishwasher if you want it to come clean . this is also great for eating on the go or for eating in the office .
= instant upgrade
< great for breakfast

> aliens , the 2nd movie from the coolest alien ever is even better than the classic first one ! ! ! ! ! aliens got more action and all the stuff on the space and the aliens are really well done for the year when it was created ... ... this movie is as classic as the first classic one ! ! ! ! ! totally recommended ! ! ! ! ( but see the first one first to understand the story ) well done , aliens ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
= the coolest alien ever ! ! ! ! !
< the best classic of the classic ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> this coffee was delicious ! when i got it out of the fridge i had the urge to shake it as with other canned coffees , but this one says to not shake it so i just popped it open and took a delicious sip . the can is the perfect size and was very portable . the coffee had a sharp taste to it that really gave me a jolt of energy . i will be stocking these in my fridge from now on . well worth the cost for the convenience and taste .
= delicious ready to drink
< delicious !

> these lutein supplements are softgel capsules that are easy to take . they 're slightly larger than standard otc pain relievers , but they 're not tough to swallow . they appear to be manufactured well . this is n't the kind of product where you take it and immediately experience some change in your quality of health . however , there does n't seem to be any dispute that lutein is good for you . if you 're looking for a dietary supplement containing lutein , this seems like a pretty good choice .
= easy to take , beneficial to your body
< easy to take , but not tough to swallow

> newman 's own organics dark chocolate bar has a good mouth feel , a rich flavor , and just enough sweetness to eat on its own or to use as part of a snack . it 's perfect for pain au chocolat , where a lesser chocolate would not be sufficient for such simple treatment.the taste is chocolate , pure and simple : very pure , and very simple . try it alongside your current favorite ; it should hold its own .
= it 's dark enough , it 's sweet enough , and it 's organic
< simple and simple

> this is all right . i did n't love it , but other members of my family did . it does taste good on tacos , but it 's not anything i would use a whole lot . the flavor is pretty nice and spicy , though i 'm pretty weak when it comes to spices . overall , adds a nice zing to your meals without being too overpowering .
= not a huge fan
< good flavor

> i do n't know why i never tried this before . it gives you a very nice , close shave . the scent is n't overpowering and it feels good on the skin , moisturizing like most dove products . and i love that its affordable ! will buy again .
= best shave
< nice shave

> this book had so much potential ! ! yet it lacked dialogue between the main characters . not to mention the ending sucked . if you like a book full of foreplay and sex , then this will be right up your alley .
= i wanted less foreplay and more dialogue
< potential

> this story was something else , just not sure what ! i liked parts of it but some parts were a little too much for what the situation was . pretty hot .
= kathy
< not sure what i expected

> loved devoured , so when i found this little prequel i had to read it . now i 'll re-read devoured ! lucas and sienna 's story .
= short and to the point
< loved it !

> this is just stupid and an insult to vamparism . vampires are blood sucking vile creatures , not sexy flamboyant lovers .
= more gay ann rice type vampires .
< stupid and stupid

> the fire is my first e-reader and i am very impressed thus far . i have had no quirks or glitches - nothing but a great user experience . browsing the web , setting up the wireless connection , downloading apps ( many are free ) , making purchases , downloading music and accessing the cloud are just so easy . i also like that it can be charged with any of my mini-usb cables and chargers . another big plus is that , when connected to the computer , the fire shows up as another drive on the pc so files can be easily loaded onto the device ( no awkward software interface needed ) . watching movies with my amazon prime membership is yet another great feature and i found the quality to be excellent - especially when using headphones.i must say , i was very skeptical of a backlit e-reader . but the available adjustments make reading very pleasant . you are not limited to a white background and black text . there are three color modes available , several font sizes , three line spacing options , three margins and several different fonts to use to get an optimum reading experience . bookmarks , settings and searching are a breeze and very intuitive as well.the fact that i can get a book free each month is yet another plus and i have already finished `` the hunger games '' gratis . to top it all off , i can rent from my public library and download it to my fire through amazon . i found the library checkout process as easy to use as all of the other kindle features . all in all , i am thrilled with the kindle fire .
= after a week of use - could n't be happier
< great quality , great quality , great value

> okay , now that peter jackson has created the definitive king kong , no one else should even try it again . this is an awesome filmmaking achievement , with some of the best special effects ever captured on the screen . we all know the story , so it was up to jackson to create a new vision of the tale and that he has done . although the movie starts slowly , once they reach skull island , the movie never lets up : kong vs. the tyrannosaures is brilliant , especially the dizzying battle on the hanging vines ; the terrifying bug attacks ; the finale on the empire state building which is both terrifying and poignantly touching ; the dinosaur stampede ; it 's all beautifully done . naomi watts shines as ann darrow , the beauty to the giant beast . watts captures the fervor in which the relationship develops , and of course using andy sirkis digitally as kong is pure genius . he gives kong a truly individual personality never captured in either of the first two films . adrian brody is good as the writer who shares ann 's passion for the beast . only jack black as denham is miscast , and although ineffectual , he does n't hurt the movie . wonder why they did n't go for a better actor in this role ? anyway , king kong is everything a big hollywood movie should be and the oscars while honoring `` message '' films this year , failed to recognize the most entertaining and technically superior film of all this year -- king kong .
= king of the kongs
< the best of the king kong

> the cities and much of the woodland have vanished in a pandemic inferno ; the birds no longer fly as they all died in the catastrophe . nothing seems to live in the oceans . left behind is a world with few living species struggling to survive under a grey cover of ash that engulfs the planet.a man and his son trek down the lonely road using a shopping cart to carry their possessions as they search for food to stave off starvation . the elder is armed , but running out of ammo . he vows to not allow his offspring to be captured even if it means using his last two bullets on himself and his son . he fears the cannibals who would see them as choice cut and trusts no one including seemingly harmless other survivors . he insists to his child that they are good people doing what they must as he does what it takes to keep them safe . the lad learns only the strong survive and begins to wonders if staying alive is enough as he now comprehends why his mother committed suicide just after he was born.the road is a tremendous allegorical futuristic thriller that has current ramifications . the nameless travelers are an interesting pairing as the father does preemptive strikes on others rationalizing it as protecting his son based on in some incidents no evidence only a presumptive belief that everyone is the enemy . the son learns the golden rule lesson well of killing others before they do unto you as survival is everything in this grim haunting parable.harriet klausner
= tremendous allegorical futuristic thriller
< tremendous allegorical thriller

> what 's good : - these are terrific workout shirts , at least if you do n't prefer loose necks . they are super light , pack well , do n't feel heavy , and are great colors . they are true to size with minimal shrinkage , and feel soft and supple.what might be better : - if you do n't like fitted necks , you wo n't like these . i did n't mind it , and did n't feel like i was being choked , but the neck tailoring was noticably tighter than most of my workout shirts.- i do n't think tasc oversells it , but it 's important not to read too much into the inclusion of bamboo . bamboo viscose basically produces rayon , a semi-synthetic fabric , but it uses bamboo as a cellulose starting point instead of wood like most other rayon . so there 's some controversy about whether bamboo rayon has the same antibacterial properties as bamboo , and it 's not really an entirely natural or organic product . do n't get me wrong - it 's still great , but it 's still essentially a cotton/semi-synthetic blend.overall , though , i love these shirts , and if the caveats above do n't give you concern , i strongly recommend them . super thin , super soft , and great colors - these are front and center in my workout rotation , or for casual wear with shorts .
= great workout shirt
< great workout shirts , but not for loose necks

> i have never been a harry potter fanatic do n't consider myself a huge fan of the books but i do enjoy the movies . maybe it 's the british humor that i can never get the hang of i do n't know . `` pete what did you think of harry potter and the half blood prince if you were so unmoved by the rest of the books ? well i liked the book a whole lot as it happened especially the ending which i will not give away . ms. rowling this time has turned out a book that can hold its own against all others of its kind ( that 's juvenile fantasy you understand not adult fantasy ) . all the things that make a book good can be found here and i have to say in terms of the plot and narrative flow the book just jives better then any of the others.overall-the author finally has my convinced she can write a good book and i feel that i will be swept away on the wave of hype next time around . this book is good trust the word of a former skeptic please . this is the best harry potter book yet .
= i have to admit it was good
< the best harry potter book yet

> yeah , yeah , everyone has asked himself , usually as a child , whether life is just a dream , but this movie takes this banal concept and runs straight up walls with it ! breathtaking scenes and unbelievable special effects give this movie gloss and the coolest look of any movie in recent memory . there 's a huge reason why everyone buys this movie when they buy their first dvd player : it screams to be viewed in surround sound and crisp images.and if the special effects reviews do n't sway you , the acting will . these actors live techno cool , in their full-length leather coats and sunglasses , even the shocking way they appear after they & quot ; go down the rabbit hole. & quot ; they inhabit their characters in ways few action movie actors bother to do.you must see this - and you 'll want to see it more than once , a good reason to make this a purchase and not rent it . although the concept and look may be too weird for the more conventional viewer , everyone talks about this movie . you 'd better see it just so you can join the conversation .
= techno cool !
< the best movie of the year

> this is the first book i 've read from alice clayton , and she is now on my `` must buy list '' ! although a very good romance novel , and i hated every time i had to put it down , clayton knows how to write comedy . not sure if that was her intention , however she had me laughing my daughter actually came to my room to see what was going on . she ended up crawling in bed with me and i was reading a good portion of it to her . being 14 ( even though in just a couple months she 'll be 15 and is very mature for her age ) she asked if after i was finished if i would consider letting her read it . needless to say she loved the parts i read to her , but she is waiting until she is 16. that is the age i was allowed to start reading romance novels . i can not wait for clayton 's next book , i already have the whole series on my wish list on amazon . i highly recommend this book and author ! ! ! !
= left me in tears from laughing .
< i loved this book ! ! !

> star trek into darkness is a magnificent re-working of familiar events , conflicts and old enemies with the endless potential of the alternate reality scenario . star trek into darkness surreptitiously reworks events and characters from star trek ii : the wrath of khan and the original star trek series via the possibilities of this alternate reality . this time out the cohesion of the story , the characters and dramatics are much more focused and defined , honed to perfection for this new vision.the story is more compelling as it unfolds when compared to its 2009 predecessor . into darkness is aptly named . the performances of the primary characters are well defined and realized . chris pine demonstrates a controlled intellectual and emotional force that the 2009 script did not focus on . karl urban 's performance demonstrates that bones does not exactly have a `` continued predilection for irrelevancy '' as is seen on the big screen . benedict cumberbatch 's villainy is brilliantly realized in his histrionic performance . as for the plot , it is a powerful one often thought provoking and exhilarating . it looks like star trek is back and here to stay .
= magnificent re-working of the familiar
< a powerful one of the original reality

> i got these and another pair of scissors ( made from titanium ) at the same time and , to be honest , i do not see one cutting better than the other . they both cut great and were comfortable to hold and use . also , and this is big for me , but when you opened the scissors and pushed to make a long cut , it cut pretty easily and did n't catch like some other scissors do at times.the odd thing is , they were the same price . while these work great , i would probably consider picking up the titanium ones because i guess they are supposed to last longer . these are the pair i was talking about : scotch precision ultra edge scissor , 8 inch , white / green ( 1458tg ) i ca n't attest to how this will work over time , but for the few months that i 've been using it i think it has worked great !
= works great ! !
< great for the price

> 3.5 this was pretty good but there were some things that bothered me . first was what happened with christopher . i cant even believe that she would n't press charges . that was so unreal . what if he did that to someone else ? then the whole elliot and david thing . i saw what was coming from the beginning so i was n't surprised . what i was surprised about was that it happened at the end of the book . at 80 % in . maybe i just wanted more time between david and katrina . i felt like their relationship was skimmed at best . i wish that elliot would have manned up sooner . i wish that david was more of a bad-ass . i wish that katrina would use her head and more and not so winy .overall it was still an enjoyable read .
= pretty good but
< pretty good

> i resisted reading this book for many months because i did n't like 50 shades of gray ( never even finished it ) and everything i read said this book was similar . there were some similarities between the two books but the things i really disliked in 50 shades were not present in bared to you so i was able to finish it quickly and really enjoyed it . once you get a little into it you can see how broken eva and gideon are , even though they seem to have so much going for them . it was a little despressing at times but i liked how they would n't give up on each other , even though they really did n't know how to have a healthy relationship . i 'm looking forward to the sequel so i can find out what happens to them !
= glad i gave it a chance !
< good read

> i ca n't believe that it 's been 9 years since this movie 's release . i remember my date and i talking about this movie for hours afterwards . the whole concept was so fresh and imaginative ... and deep . i think the greatest crime was for the powers that be to turn the film into a trilogy . i saw the second movie and never saw the third . that 's how much they ruined it for me . keanu , an extremely lucky and untalented actor , turned up gold with this script . the art direction and graphics still manages to impress and even after all this time , the action and suspense of this film is still razor blade sharp . excellent filmmaking .
= great film
< the best of the movie

> accept no imitations ! fischer & wieser 's original roasted raspberry chipotle sauce aka `` razzpotle '' delivers an intense raspberry flavor with a real smokey kick that keeps the heat turned up to just the right amount . fischer & wieser have been in the gourmet food business since 1969 and this item is not surprisingly their best seller . there are no artificial flavors among the ingredients which include three different peppers -- chipotle ( of course ) , chili peppers and jalapenos -- in addition to those roasted raspberries.it makes an ideal accompaniment with meat , chicken or fish , but i really like it as an upscale snack -- drizzled over a soft cheese spread over a good cracker .
= razzpotle rocks !
< fischer & wieser 's original roasted sauce

> these wiper blades were a welcome relief to my old , cheap brand which started squeaking from day one . i guess the quality of the rubber is better - less stiff somehow . the tension of the blade also seems consistent along the entirety of it , so there 's no streaking - just a clean , clear windshield.the installation took about five minutes and was straightforward . definitely just check at the top of this page to make sure they fit your vehicle , as the part that attaches to the vehicle varies in thickness . i have an old dodge truck that these would n't fit , but any newer vehicles ( 2000+ ) should work fine with them .
= no squeaking or streaking ! easy to install
< good wiper blades

> liam neeson is terrific as a divorced dad with special skills who does not flinch when it comes to rescuing his daughter half a world away . so called `` white slavery '' is very real and leeson pulls no punches in the single-minded pursuit of dealing the first deadly blow to those who profit from the human trade.this very fast-paced actioner does not rely on gimmicky technology or special effects . one-to-one human combat ( isreali style ? ) prevails in tightly choreographed fights that are believable.i saw the euro version -- probably a few minutes of added intensity.neeson ought to consider this character as a franchise . kinda made me think of a slightly older bourne.recommended .
= lean and mean action flick delivers
< fast-paced and fast-paced

> the kraft velveeta chicken and broccoli skillets dinner kit was not as good as the kraft velveeta ultimate cheesburger skillets dinner kit . i think the primary difference is the pasta used . i prefer larger pasta and this particular kit had pasta the size of plump rice grains . on the other hand the kraft velveeta ultimate cheesburger skillets dinner kit has nice large yummy pasta that do n't get all stuck together . so i 'll stick with that kit and pass on this one . you can always buy a nice mac and cheese regular kit from the store as well as velveeta cheese and add what you want for a greater cost savings .
= prefer kraft velveeta ultimate cheesburger skillets dinner kit
< not as good as the kraft velveeta chicken and broccoli

> pouch-style baby purees are a staple in our house . we love that this format allows our one year old to feed herself with no mess , whether at home or on the go.i was very pleased by the simple ingredients list : organic pears , organic broccoli , organic spinach , ascorbic acid , and organic lemon juice conentrate.i also love that without reading the label , you can taste that it is made from pears , broccoli , and spinach.i would definitely buy this again , but i would not pay more than $ 1.25 per pouch because there abundant substitutes of similar quality and taste at and below that price .
= perfect except price
< pouch-style baby purees

> i have to admit that my 5 year old got the hang of this tape dispenser faster than i did , but once we figured it out it was useful and out of tape ! ! yes , it runs out of tape pretty quickly , so get plenty of refills . it fits neatly on your hand so you can dispense tape quickly and efficiently while wrapping or doing projects . my daughter also likes it because it is easier for her to use than tearing tape off a normal dispenser . all-in-all it is worth a try , but do n't expect it to be economical .
= neat new gadget
< works well , but not a good price

> i did enjoy this book . i love the details that the writer puts into it . i would have liked a bit more drawn-out love scenes ( seemed a bit rushed ) . it was hard to put this down once i started to read it because of the suspense ! excellent characters as well . i loved michael and anne . i also loved harley the dog . this is a very down to earth and real story . nothing over the top . i 'll be moving onto the 2nd in this series , now.i 'd recommend this story quite highly .
= exciting storyline , romance and a hot guy !
< great story

> a little bit goes a long way . a few drops ofmio mango peach , 1.62 ounce ( pack of 4 ) into a glass of ice cold water makes for a delicious and refreshing beverage . and , to boot , it is calorie-free . it tastes like it is naturally sweetened but it is not . i made a pitcher of this mio and i love it . it 's a great drink and especially helpful for dieters . an additional benefit is that it comes in such a small container that you can carry it in your purse or pocket .
= no calories but tastes like it 's naturally sweetened
< delicious and refreshing

> i just finished the mighty storm last night . the story was good , but i think the writing was somewhat lacking . the words did not flow seamlessly , it 's like one was just speaking and rambling on describing the events taking place . there were also times where i found the story to be a little predictable.but the author did a great job with the scenes , especially in the major scene towards the end of the book.i would read book 2 still . just to see how jake and tru end up .
= hello jake
< good , but not great

> there is n't too much to say here . it 's sunscreen , and it works . unlike most sunscreens , however , it includes a component that makes it feel like it 's cooling your skin after you apply it , which can be refreshing . that said , fundamentally it 's sunscreen and it works.give it a try if you think you need your sunscreen to provide a cooling effect for awhile after application . otherwise , there is n't much to suggest this over the non-cooling banana boat products .
= good lotion
< works well , but it 's sunscreen

> this seems like a wonderful idea and , in theory , it really is . unfortunately , the traps ( at least in our use ) did not catch anything but our time wasted in setting them up . we followed directions carefully to place the pb in the hatch and we made sure the door faced the wall but the traps just did not work . save your money -- you are better off with snap traps , sticky pads , humane traps , or even an exterminator .
= great concept but ... ... ...
< did not work

> i 've used numerous dove products over the years and must admit that they are certainly now offering some good stuff . the dove advanced care deodorants are likely my favorite of all because they apply well , do n't smell badly , have caused no reaction , and they serve their intended purpose . i also find the container to be attractive and easy to use . i personally have n't encountered any clothing stains either , so this is a winner .
= tried and true
< good stuff

> i think a lot of people are going to like this better than other screen protectors just because it is so much easier to install ; however , it seems to make very little difference when reading outside ... but i have n't really found any screen protector to be 100 % anti-glare though.because of the cost , i 'm not as likely to recommend it as i would a less expensive screen protector .
= bubble free is the real deal
< not as good as other screen protectors

> i dont have picky dogs , they eat just about anything you give them , and these were no exception . did n't have any problems whatsoever , just happy dogs ! would recommend these if you 're looking for organic treats for your dogs . all of my dogs are around 25-30lbs , so they 're small but not tiny either and they did n't having any problems getting them down .
= my 3 little dogs loved them
< my dogs love them !

> i ca n't believe that i forgot to review one of my all time favorite books . kristen proby is one of my top picks to read over and over . she has alpha swoon worthy men . each and every one of them . nate , omg , what 's to say about nate . i love him . hot , hot , hot ! ! !
= one of my all time favorites ! ! !
< i love nate ! ! !

> i was actually dreading my first taste . 100 % aloe needs to be 'cut ' with lemonade or apple cider vinegar water ( which i like after getting used to it ) , and other aloe drinks i 've tried were simply blah . this stuff tastes fresh and almost slightly pear-like . ice cold is the best . love this stuff !
= best tasting aloe drink ever
< love this stuff !

> i absolutely loved this book ! ! ! ! ! ! i ca n't wait for the next book.katy evans you done great , i could feel how much they loved each other.i felt like my heart was breaking every time theirs did.i could n't put my kindle down.everyone get this book ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
= wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< loved it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> this is exactly what reading fiction should be , and that is a story full of interesting history , characters and a plot that leaves you guessing and that is full of emotions . i waited so long to read this book , and i have no idea why for i enjoyed it immensely .
= incredible book
< a story of history and a story

> ryan 's three brothers were killed in the war now tom hanks character ( captian miller ) and his crew are on a mission to find jame 's frances ryan to bring him home during this movie they do nothing but fight in world war 2 .
= steven spielberg should do porn movies
< the war of the war

> i loved this book so much more than the other two ! it by far is the best in series ! the only thing i wish that was address more was the baby ! ! ! would love to see jett as a daddy !
= the best of the series !
< love love love

> what is the point of making a sequel to a film when there is very little potential left for developing the concept of the original ? a retired cia agent bryan mills is back and liam neeson once again brings gravitas to the role that made him an action star about four years ago , but the script of `` taken 2 '' ( written by luc besson and his long-time collaborator robert mark kamen ) looks more like a reenactment of the original 's story set in a more exotic istanbul location and seen from a different viewpoint.the story is simple . bryan mills ( liam neeson ) is on business trip in istanbul , where he is reunited with his ex-wife lenore ( famke janssen ) and daughter kim ( maggie grace ) . then a band of vengeful albanian gangsters led by murad ( rade sherbedgia ) arrives with guns , to avenge the deaths of the men that mills killed in `` taken . `` now i am not saying that `` taken 2 '' is a bad movie . the film is slick and action-packed , though action sequences tend to be less credible and thrilling because of choppy editing and our familiarity with the story . as the original 's freshness and novelty is gone , the sequel ( that looks more like a remake ) is more predictable , treading on familiar paths and not veering into new territory , except when neeson 's character is given a rare moment to show his vulnerability.after all , if there is one reason you should see `` taken 2 , '' it is liam neeson showing what a talented actor like him really can do . you know exactly where the story is going , and what his character will do , but at least he does it effectively .
= looks more like a remake than a sequel
< a good sequel

> i have thin fine hair that is about shoulder length . it tends to quickly lose any curl or straitening . this straighter out performed other straighteners i have used . my hair remains straight for hours with only a few minutes of work even when i put no product on my hair.what i like about the remington s9520 straightener:1. heats quickly -- the digital display of temperature helps me to know how hot the plates are.2 . moves smoothly across hair -- this product moves much smother across my hair than other straighteners . i do n't know if this is a function of the `` pearl infused '' plates , the amount of ceramic in the plates or the wideness of the plates . what ever it is it works well.3 . the size of the plates -- i was worried that the wide plates might make it difficult to get close to the scalp . that was not the case . i found the wide plates allowed for longer contact time to the hair making the straightening process go faster than with more narrow plates . i actually really like the wide plates4 . the digital controls allow for precise setting of temperature . i also like the fact that the display is large enough that i can read it even without contacts or glasses.my one minor draw back is the on off button -- however this was more of a learn how to use it than an actual draw back : while a simple push of a button gets the product turned on one needs to hold the power button for a couple of seconds to turn it off.overall this is an excellent product and i highly reccomend it for anyone who straightens their hair .
= impressed with both design and function
< great for thin hair

> these are currently selling for $ 19 . at a $ 1 a pod , this is a reasonable price to pay for this variety of vegetables and herbs.my brother maintains a 1/4 acre garden almost year round . he chose these pods and planted them in herb garden . ideally they would have been planted months ago but we are having a mild summer and we planted them in a partially shaded herb garden that has rich soil.to be able to identify the contents , he left them in the cardboard frame and placed them on top of the rich soil . he labeled each pod by writing on the frame and threw away the foil label . bad move as the writing quickly faded so we have to wait for the seeds to develop to know what they are.not planting the pods into the soil did n't work well because they dried out too quickly so i planted them into the soil ( still in their pods ) a week later.most of the pods have sprouted . others had the seeds sitting on top of the soil ( we pushed them back in ) and some had lost their seeds entirely.addendum : one month later and only half of the plants survive due , i suspect , to the late planting.i suspect that we would have had all the pods sprout and do well if we had planted them correctly in the early spring . i recommend this package particularly for kids as it makes the planting and selection process easy . the kids are more likely to eat the vegetables and herbs if they grow them theirselves .
= good choice for a child 's garden
< good for kids and kids

> wow ... i 'm a bit speechless right now . this latest book from jasinda wilder was quite the emotional read.this love story of caden and ever is not for the faint of heart . there is a ton of sadness in this tale of a boy and a girl , who meet at an art camp at the age of 14 and continue to be pen pals for the next five years . their letter writing relationship is an honest , tell me everything kind of connection . they share everything no matter how personal or honest.when a third and almost unbelievable tragedy befalls case , he goes to ever and they never part ways again.however even love ca n't conquer all and we are left with a huge cliffy ! i love the author 's books and this no exception . my only down thought is that the first 50 % of the book i was n't convinced of cade and evers devotion since they only knew each other so briefly . i sometimes had a hard time believing they saw each other 's eyes when with someone else.however , once they get back together i was all engrossed could n't put it down.jasinda wilder gives us a well written and very emotional first book in this series . and the second one is out so she did n't make us wait ! i will be devouring that one tonight.a huge 4 stars from me ... the woman knows how to write . you will need some tissues but it will be worth it .
= an intense experience !
< i 'm a bit speechless ...

> i ordered this razor to shave my legs . my husband and i both normally use the gilette fusion , but the cartridges are starting to get outrageously expensive so i thought i 'd try a different brand . after trying this , i thought it was a good razor but not special enough to tempt me to switch . i prefer the vibration the fusion offers - it makes the hairs stand up and cuts closer . that said , this did provide a close shave . the design is unusual , and took some getting used to , but was comfortable in my hand and felt very light against my skin . the razor is reasonably priced at first glance ( as of this writing $ 8.99 and it comes with 3 blades ) and came in a very easy open package ( please see my pictures ) . however , as with all razors , the expense is in the refills which are $ 10.99 for a five pack as of this review . i have n't had the razor long enough to see how long a singler blade lasts but i do n't think this is going to be any different from most straight razor blades.overall , though the design is cool , i think it is too odd for most people and not likely to get them to switch either . however , if you prefer a straight razor , this is worth trying .
= interesting design
< good razor , but not special enough

> i can not believe i was able to finish this book . i really could n't get into this book , it just was n't for me.it starts out with melody finding ryne to do an interview about his photography . but when she does find ryne she discovers it 's not going to be easy to get this interview . he is a very private person , and he does n't want her snooping around his house , or his life . ryne just wants melody gone , but something is attracting him to her , and he ca n't figure out what it is . melody also can not stand ryne but something is bringing her closer to him , and she 's constantly wanting to know what he is hiding.i thought the idea of this book was good . but i felt that it was way too long for what the main story actually was . it seemed the story was just drawn out for no reason at all , a lot of the things that happened i could have done without because it was keeping the story from being `` on track '' and i got quite bored with at these times . towards the end it did get better , but overall i am not a fan of this book , and i will not be reading the next one .
= long , and drawn out .
< not for me

> i normal drink costco kirkland water , it is my favorite bottled water . drinking the two waters back to back , the kirkland water does taste a bit more bitter than the essentia . like the bottle says , essentia has a silky smooth taste to it . the bottle also says it hydrates better and it is electrolyte infused . i normally drink gatorade for electrolytes , but i was told by a friend not to drink too much because of the extra salt in gatorade for when you sweat . they use salt as an electrolytes . but regardless , this is a better alternative to gatorade and it tastes good too.if you need your electrolytes this is probably way better than a sports drink . the nutrition facts states 0g of sodium , 0g of fat , 0 calories . but that is the same in all water is n't it ? the bottle also states : `` doctor recommended to protect , improve and enhance the quality of your health '' i do n't know if that is this water or water in general that is doctor recommended.in the end , i think i will stick to kirkland because it is way cheaper and the only thing it looks to be different is essentia is electrolyte infused and kirkland is infused with minerals .
= tastes silky smooth as advertised .
< my favorite water

> kellogg 's crunchy nut cereal consists of corn flakes covered in honey and bits of peanuts . it is somewhat crunchy , although not any more so than most other cereals . compared to a lot of other breakfast cereals , it does n't have large amounts of vitamins or minerals , but it does have 25 % of the daily recommended values of vitamins b6 and b12 , as well as iron . there are also small amounts of fiber and protein.the key characteristic of this cereal is that it is almost overwhelmingly sweet , with sugar making up more than 35 % of each serving , by weight . the second ingredient listed on the box is sugar , and is also contains molasses , honey , and high fructose corn syrup . it is so sweet that i could only just make out the tastes of honey and peanuts . there is no way that i could ever eat this for breakfast , but it does make a nice dessert in very small amounts . if you 're looking for a very sweet , sugary cereal , this might be a good choice for you , but i probably wo n't be buying it again .
= too sweet for breakfast
< sweet , sweet , and sweet

> smart health introduces the concept of `` free living '' in this heart rate monitor/fitness device . it is a great little accessory for those who are trying to learn more about how their body reacts to certain activities such as running or walking . the device is easy to use and the display is large and clear . this is a huge benefit when working out since you can glance at the device and instantly be able to read the numbers . wearing this all day really does become second nature to anyone who is used to wearing a watch . the nice thing is that you get so much more than just the time . also , at any time you can check your heart rate and know whether or not you are in the zone you want to be in for whatever activity you are participating in . it really could not be much simpler . sure , their are more high tech gadgets on the market , but this one might just do everything you need . at the price , it ca n't be beat .
= free and easy living
< great for smart health

> my little 1.5 lbs yorkie mix loves these tiny bites . i will sit down with her and pull the little steak bits out and throw them to her . she loves to jump and chase them . she also seems to be pretty happy with the harder kibble bits , although she does n't chase those , so they must be less appealing . normally she is a very finicky eater , but really likes this food . she also has had no digestive issues with it at all.my 20lbs mongrel sweetheart dog loves this too . she is n't a picky eater , but the wrong food makes picking up after her in the park a nightmare . i allowed her to try this anyway and have had no digestive issues at all . she also seems to think the chewy steak bits are super treats.i will definitely repurchase this food . the price on amazon at this point is about $ 2 cheaper than my local grocery store .
= my dogs love the little bits of steak
< my yorkie loves it

> my sister wanted to see this film prior to the release of the sequel . boy i 'm glad she did ! this was just the type of horror film i like . interesting plot , great characters and no huge amount of gore ! when jim awakens alone in the hospital he discovers he is in a world ravaged by a plague : rage . rescued by a small group of survivors jim , soon learns that this new world has harsh new rules . teaming up with other survivors the small group decides to travel north in response to a mysterious radio announcement . will they find salvation or damnation ? i really loved this film . jim was particularly hot , and i loved the relationship between him and his lady friend . the ending dragged a bit at the military camp , but overall an excellent film . 5 stars .
= awesome zombie-like goodness
< excellent film

> unfortunately , the product description does n't specify the ingredients of this . most sugar-free water enhancers contain aspartame , which i am highly allergic to . i decided to take a chance , but was out of luck . the appletini flavor is excellent - and tastes very similar to a green apple jolly rancher ( or even apple pucker ) . i loved it . the product comes in packets , as a powder , designed to make 2 quarts . so , this is n't a travel-friendly size but is good for home use.too bad they did n't just use sucralose . if aspartame does n't bother you , i highly recommend these . for me , i 'll just stick with mio and hope they offer a green apple flavor sometime in the future .
= love the flavor , hate the aspartame
< excellent flavor , but not a good way to get sucralose

> normally i do not like flavored coffee , or starbucks ' coffee . i prefer my coffee to taste like coffee , and come from just about anyplace other than starbucks . starbucks natural fusions vanilla ground coffee has really surprised me though . it is quite good . the vanilla flavor is very mild and natural tasting . it is not overpowering or overly sweet . as a whole , the coffee is very smooth and i really like it . i would not want to drink it everyday or replace my regular coffee with it , but i enjoyed it , and will definitely drink it in the future when i want a change . the price is not too outrageous either , which is a good change for starbucks .
= very surprised
< good coffee

> i 've tried several of the mio flavors and my favorite by far is the mango peach , so i was anxious to try the peach tea . hubby and i both tried it today and we came to the same conclusion . the perfect blend of sweetness did n't come through on this one and it left a bit of a sharpness or bitter taste . out of all the flavors i would say this one is the least favorite and i would not purchase this one . i 'll most likely use up what i have , but it wo n't be on the grocery list . i do , however recommend the peach mango and i found the sweet tea to be pretty good as a second choice .
= a little too tart ... ..
< a good blend of sweetness and sweetness

> these labels worked really well . the major problem that i have with some labels is that they smudge and do n't stick strongly . as i 've had smudging with some labels and not others using the same printer , i watch carefully for label quality and a lack of smudging when i try a new brand . these 3m labels passed the test with minimal to no smuding as soon as the page came off the laser printer . the labels also have a strong , permanent adhesive that adheres solidly to plain or more glossy , waterproof envelopes . i 've used a lot of 3m products , mostly sticky notes , and this label was added to my list of reliable 3m office products .
= good value , no smudging , strong adhesive
< works well

> my skin gets very sensitive in the winter time , so i have to be careful not to use face products that are too drying . this stuff is really good . it goes on well and has a clean scent . it absorbs nicely and left my skin smooth after my close shave . i also used this in conjunction with the matching face wash and shaving cream . all 3 together really worked well . i would suggest you use all of the products together , but if you 're using this just on it 's own , it still will leave you smooth and clean without irritation after your shave . overall , i 'm very pleased .
= great when used with whole line
< great shave

> this is an awesome movie , battleship is based on hasbro 's board game battleship , the only diffrence is in the movie there are aliens . a lot of people say that this is a rip off of transformers , i do n't think so . i found this movie to be very entertaining . i hope they do another one , i 'll go see it . the action in this film is awesome and so are the special effects . the actors did a wonderful job to . rihanna did a great job for her first film . i just loved this movie . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
= you sunk my battleship
< battleship

> these cookies are acceptably tasty , though the `` fruit '' is just tiny chewy chunks . unlike the soft fruit newtons , this are round , crisp cookies . i 'd eat them if they were around , but i would n't go out of my way to acquire them . for someone craving a cookie but concerned about weight gain , these are n't too bad in terms of fat and calories . you can have the treat of a cookie , however , you wo n't get the indulgence of a richer cookie either . my three year old liked them , but i did n't think they were good enough to purchase again .
= so-so cookies
< tasty , but not too bad

> i do n't even have the words to say how amazing crashed was ! ! ! ! this series has just gotten better with each book . the story , the characters , the writing perfect ! talk about an emotional ride with the first two books and their cliffhangers ... this book just guts you and puts you back together . the story of rylee and colton could not have ended any better than this ... i absolutely loved this book ! i cried , i laughed , i cheered ! ! ! the driven series should be on everyone 's reading list ... it is just that good !
= the perfect ending to the perfect series !
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i 'll admit i 'm not generally a healthy eater and do n't have too many organic fruit bars , so i 'm not sure what to compare this with . however , i thought it was pretty good . it 's a bit like a soft granola bar - you can taste the grains , without the crunch . however , for me at least , the cherry flavor was n't very strong . i love anything cherry ( i drink cherry-flavored seltzer regularly ) , and thought this bar had more of a strawberry-cashew flavor . still tasty nonetheless .
= tasty bar , bit of cherry
< pretty good

> i 'll admit , the dog is n't a picky eater , but she certainly loved these . i like that they contain flax seed which is great for her skin and coat and overall healthy . unfortunately , they kind of slime all over the carpet . we have had other treats and rawhide in the past , but these made a much bigger mess . so , i 'd advise having these treats outside !
= dog likes it , flax seed = good , but messes up carpet
< dog loves them !

> `` secret clinical strength advanced solid '' ; i liked it . i have used secret throughout the years and this was my first time with this formula and i liked the way it made me feel fresh all day . i have very sensitive skin and i have had no irritation from my use of this product . it also washed off easy when bathing with no clumping.try it you 'll like it too .
= secret
< made me feel fresh

> if you have any kind of trouble falling , or staying , asleep , you should try this drink ! i was skeptical , to say the least , but it really does work . there is no downside , either , like feeling drowsy the next day , because it 's not a drug . dream water is gon na be on hand in my house at all times .
= you need to try this !
< works well

> at times this book was slow and arduous . it picked up a little the farther i got into it . the main character , mia , was annoying , stubborn , and a snob . frankly i thought will was too good for her . but the gist of the story was sweet . throughout the story you get to see mia grow up .
= very painful main character
< slow and arduous

> this version is much darker than the book or the 1971 film . having said that , there are one or two great scenes in this remake particularly the squirrel scene ... but just not enough good scenes to really pull me in.add to that , the film seemed very rushed . i am glad i rented this , rather than purchasing it .
= has some nice moments , but ...
< much darker than the book

> the author wrote with so much passion in this book . the story has twists and turns though out the book . at first you want to cry , then your heart fills with so much love for the characters in the book . i very much enjoyed reading this book . thanks for writing an amazing book .
= an amazing book
< amazing

> the chocolate flavor is `` pleasantly present , '' in that it is not overwhelming at all . i 'm a self-confessed chocoholic , so i love the chocolate flavor . the chocolate flavor borders on almost being too subtle for me . overall this coffee has a nice rich flavor with a very pleasant aroma .
= good flavor , not overwhelming
< pleasantly present

> i love regular ritz but these were n't very good to me . if i want a cheese cracker , i 'll stick to better chedder or gourmet crackers from whole foods . we served these at a party and not a lot of them were eaten . i do n't plan on purchasing them again
= not our favorite
< not very good

> the sequence of the first book is excellent in the second book . this means as well as in the first book that you 'll let your imagination fly within the book 's story . i admire j.k.r for her smart writing . however in this book the heroine was hermione not harry .
= good sequence
< a good read

> oh my goodness is gavis blake so delicious ! i could eat him up ! he is my # 1 book boyfriend right now . i love him and emily together ! i did n't want the book to end . 5 ***** +++++++++ stars from this girl ! ! !
= o.m.g ... 2 words ... gavin blake
< i blake ! ! !

> delicious cookies-my dil and i enjoyed them . she thought maybe a little less mint but i do n't agree i like them just as they are . if you 're looking for a substitute for the g.s . thin mints then this is the cookie .
= watch out g.s . thin mints
< delicious

> i enjoyed reading this book . i ca n't want to check out the other books in this series ! i will definitely recommend to others .
= great story
< good book

> okay you have to see both movies to fully appreciate the kill bill vol 1 dark comedy . the first movie is bloody revenge , and i do mean bloody . go into this expect an over the top gorefest . tarantino must have been low on iron when he made this since he obvioulsy wanted lots of red blood . have i mentioned there is a great deal of blood and gore ? now that we have dispensed with all that blood and gore let us discuss the story . most of this movie is marshal arts sword fighting . expect to see some great fight scenes with lots of body parts sliced or removed.a former female assassin is pregnant and getting married . her whole marriage rehearsal is wiped out by gunman . she is shot in the head and left for dead . when she survives she goes after the killers . she will exact revenge on the killers and all their henchman if it kills her , not that would really happen . unfortunately the man who lead the group that killed the rehearsal , bill , will escape as you might have guessed since there is a second movie . the second movie is awesome compared to this one , and once you see it you begin to appreciate this one and how it is what it is , a bloody revenge movie .
= chop suey
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> banana boat sport coolzone sunscreen not only has a great , fresh scent , but it feels cool when you put it on your skin . i have fair skin and since i 've started to get wrinkles , my sun worshipping days are over , at least without sunscreen . but this sunscreen lets me spend lots of time in the sun without getting a sunburn . i especially like the way it feels on my face . it does n't feel like it 's dying my skin like some sunscreens do . in fact , whatever it has in it that provides that cooling feeling is really nice on my face . it moisturizes without having a greasy feeling.as with most sunscreens , it needs to be re-applied if you go swimming or if you perspire a lot as well as after every 2 hours or so for the best sun protection . and you have to apply it liberally for the best protection . i managed to be out in the sun for about 4 hours without any hint of sunburn so i would say it works pretty well . because of the nice scent and cooling sensation , i 'll purchase it in the future , when this bottle is gone .
= feels cool !
< great sunscreen

> i ordered this through the vine program because i 'm trying to improve my diet and eat healthier . this cereal makes it very easy . i love the taste , and it 's just sweet enough . yes , it does have sugar added , in the form of brown sugar and honey , but it 's not overly sweet . i also love that the fruit , after you 've added milk , tastes more like fresh fruit than with any other fruit-added cereal . nature summer berry blend has plenty of fiber , which makes this for a very filling breakfast . after eating this , i do n't get hungry again until lunchtime , the first breakfast that 's ever done that for me.there are only two drawbacks . the first ( and least important ) is the cost ; you only get five servings per box . however , i think getting an all natural cereal that 's good for me makes it well worth the price . the second drawback ? it 's not in stock . however , this is one cereal worth waiting for . i 'll buy it as soon as amazon gets it in stock again .
= this cereal rocks !
< easy to use , easy to use , easy to use , and it 's

> despite myself , i enjoyed this book . it is truly a tongue in cheek vampire tale.having viewed old movies with bela lugosi as count dracula , then watching the daytime soap opera `` dark shadows ' for a number of years , there is definitely a fascination with the subject matter.at first , i thought it childish , but then it is meant for teens ! venturing futher into the book , chuckles were definitely called for as bella , our heroine , constantly gets herself into accidents and mis steps.bella is obviously coming of age . searching for something to hang on to ( her mother has remarried , her dad is somewhat a lost loner ) she comes to live in forks for a spell.forks is pretty cloudy most of the time and cold , perfect for the unique vampire family , residing in town , identity unbeknownst to the population thereof.edward is greatly drawn , no pun intended , to bella , and bella is just ripe and ready , despite edward 's best intentions.not a serious book , not for everyone , but a silly , fun read for the right person .
= bella and edward ... .a love story ? ? ? ? ! ! !
< a fun read for the right person

> usually i am not a starbucks fan . i find their coffees to be bitter and generally too strong . however , natural infusions ground vanilla coffee is a little smoother than most starbucks coffee.the first thing you notice when you open the bag is a healthy , but not at all overpowering , vanilla aroma . it is quite pleasant , providing you like the smell of vanilla.while brewing , the vanilla scent comes to life and will fill your kitchen . the coffee itself is milder than most starbucks offerings , but still not what i would consider smooth . it still has that strong , almost bitter taste . there is a definite flavor of vanilla in each sip , although it is a background flavor to the traditional starbucks strong taste.overall , i thought this was a decent cup of java , but still a tad too bold for my taste . this ground seems very flavorful though ; it would be nice to seem starbucks tone down the bitterness a bit.but if you are a starbucks lover and enjoy vanilla aroma and flavor , you may just love natural infusions !
= java , java , java , java , - java !
< a little too bold for me

> no fear , super energy supplement , 16-ounce cansno fear energy drink was tasty and it did have caffeine that gave it a kick to keep you going through the day . it had a high sugar content of 20 mgs . i think that 's a little high which made it a little too sweet for my taste . however i know there are people out there that truly like sugar and prefer it in their coffee and tea . not me ! i like something more tart . i truly prefer coffee for a jump start and some of the other drinks to get an actual juice flavor . `` no fear '' had a fruity taste to it which was probably wears some of the vitamin b content came from . the price seemed a little high so for me i would have to give it three stars and nothing more . i could only drink this in a pinch.if you 're going to try this drink then my recommendation would be to use it very judiciously and take the cost factor into account when you 're drinking it .
= fear
< tasty and tasty

> my house is almost ran entirely on tp-link . i 've got this for my multimedia setup ( thus pushing my pipe from 100mb to 1gb ) . i have another one that runs in the center of my house ( which this model daisy chains off of ) that keeps everything 1gb , again an upgrade from 100mb . i had a router from them once , and the wireless speeds were impressive but the local ports were only 100mb , so i went back to my linksys router for the 1gb capabilities . some day , i 'd like to pick up one of their routers , but i 'm flat broke for a while.which is what is nice about tp-link , i can pick up their stuff without breaking the bank . even their wireless routers are n't expensive compared to other brands.this was plug n ' play easy to set up , and i have n't noticed a single hiccup yet . it 's going strong , it is quiet , and it is fast . for $ 30 , it exceeds expectations . perfect for home use !
= plug n ' play
< great for home use !

> it 's been a long time since a novel about circus life has been published , and this excellent book certainly makes up for all of those missing years . it is a well told tale that is , in part , humorous , tragic , romantic and heartbreaking . the book uses the same narrative device as `` little big man '' , that is , a very old gentleman remembering the exciting and adventurous days of his youth , and the circus he accidentally joined . the characters are extremely well drawn , even the minor ones , and i 'm sure that the author spend many days delving into circus lore to get the details correct . being of polish descent , i enjoyed the fact that the protagonist was polish , and i was taken back to my grade school days when a character began reciting the `` our father '' in polish ! it amazed me that , after all of these years , i could still read and pronounce those words correctly . this is simply a wonderful novel , and i highly recommend it !
= run away and join the circus
< a wonderful novel

> i 've heard people for years rave about malomars , so how could i resist tasting what all the fuss was about ? first made in hoboken , new jersey , in 1913 ( now made in canada ) , the package states that 70 % of these cookies are sold `` in the shadow of the big apple '' . eighteen cookies in the carton , 2 cookies per serving at 120 calories , 5g of fat ; unfortunately there 's high fructose corn syrup , so i wo n't buy more.the cookie itself ? a b+ in my book . there 's a good sweet dark chocolate shell around a fluff of marshmallow atop a cookie . the chocolate and marshmallow are very good together . the cookie has a good flavor but is overpowered by the other two , and it crumbles too much -- i always wind up sprinkled with crumbs ; at the end there 's a slightly salt finish . very nice . i can see why people like these , but i 'd probably take an oreo first .
= delightful cookie ... . but very crumbly
< a good cookie

> these cookies have virtually no flavor . you know the saying , they `` taste like cardboard '' sadly there is no potential for chocolate bliss . the outside of the cookies are a pale shade of brown almost grey . inside they are darker . i do n't know why that is . they are a crunchy cookie ( but not hard ) with chocolate chips that are large in comparison to the size of the cookie . the cookies themselves are bite sized.out of all the newman 's own family recipe cookies that i have tried my favorite to date is their ginger snaps . they have heat & a pleasant bite to them plus bits of chewy ginger . in second place is their orange chocolate chip cookies . these smell so wonderful & the orange flavor stands out . last we have this sorry lot.i gave them 2 stars because 2 stars means `` i do n't like '' them . so while i do n't actually hate them , i do n't want to eat them again .
= zero chocolate bliss
< no flavor for me

> generally , i like to hold my kindle , no covers , do n't like the extra weight . just purchased the paperwhite ( upgrade from a kk ) and decided to try a cover ( continued to have reservation ) . after using it for a couple of days : reading in bed , on the bus , on shopping lines ... i really got to like reading with the cover although the pw does not need it due to its rubberized back with a good grip : the added weight of the cover was not noticeable . the cover provides a good protection to the screen from the knocks it might get in my handbag , but full protection from leaking liquid bottles : totally no . the elastic bands that holds the kindle on the four corners are great with no shifting of the kindle . it is pretty design , unusual with the embossed city names . one star off for non full protection .
= total protection-nope , but a nice functional cover- yup
< good protection , but not noticeable weight

> want a different less comedic batman ? i have seen them all and i like this new way of looking at how batman could have started out . this is a serious look at his beginnings and not comedic like the previous version `` batman '' . the support cast which includes liam neeson , morgan freeman , michael caine , rutger hauer , and gary oldman is excellent . they fill there parts very well . his journey to distant lands as a young man looking for answers to his doubts about himself is a nice touch . the training in marshal arts fits in with his journey to the east . the romance is there but not shallow as in previous versions , and it has an intellectual woman . good acting , camera work , scenery , special effects , and music make this well worth your time . do n't pass on this because it was not part of the original series .
= batmantastic
< batman is a great new way of a batman

> these oxo stainless steel measuring cups have an updated design that includes a strong , solid handle with a grip-friendly rubber-type handle covering . the slightly tapered design is apparently to make scooping and pouring a bit easier , and if you are using the measuring cups as a set you probably do n't need to half-way fill one , as this set includes a 1/4 , 1/3 , 1/2 , and 1 whole cup . the size is clearly marked on the handle . since the handles are quite thick these do n't stack as nicely as many other measuring cups do . it would have been nice to make the handles a bit slimmer and perhaps have included a 1/8 cup . these are pretty good overall , though i feel the regular price on these is a bit steep and some cup users may not like the feel and thickness of the handles , so i 'm not giving a full five stars .
= solid stainless steel measuring cups with thick handles
< good overall , but not great

> the first thing i noticed when i opened the box ( with the clamshell plastic wrapping -- i wish less of this plastic would be used ) was the overpowering fragrance of this dryer bar -- i thought my clothes would come out of the dryer smelling like cheap perfume -- but they did not really have much of a smell to them at all . there was less static cling , which was nice . i will however , heed the warnings about the time to replace the bar - it seems that i should not wait until those words appear , but replace the bar ahead of time.at one point the bar came loose and the bonk bonk bonk of the dryer called that to my attention.it 's a good idea but frankly , i think the sheets are just as good . in fact , the sheets seem to pouf up the clothes alot better than the bar does .
= it 's ok but i like the idea of the sheets better
< not bad , but not great

> i never gave much thought to scissors , they just seemed like something you needed and did n't really have to think hard about when buying . but after using these scotch 's precision scissors , i have changed my mind . a tool should work for you and do the work for you , not the other way around . i cut through paper and thin cardboard with ease using these . the grip feels right and the weight is just about right . the 8 inch blade also helps too when cutting larger pieces of paper that you want to be straight . i highly recommend these and i am very curious how sharp they will last after the advertised 100,000 cuts . forget those $ 1 scissors you see at the store . you get what you pay for !
= best scissors i ever had that did n't cost a fortune
< great for you and do n't be straight to scissors

> i actually got this product for a family member who lives right off of a golf course . there is all kinds of wildlife around their home -- rabbits , coyotes , quail , and of course mice . if they leave their garage door open , rabbits will tend to come inside looking for food and shelter . this was their dilemma . they did not want to leave poison out or the typical baited mouse trap that would harm the rabbits.kill and seal mouse trap solved the problem . it worked rather quickly . they set only one of them out the first night and a couple of days later it had caught a mouse . the other great part of using this trap is that you do n't have to handle the carcass.i recommend this product .
= victor kill and seal
< works well

> so you say you want your caffeine buzz , but you do n't want to muck about with things like coffee , tea , colas , caffeine pills or any of the other many , many energy drinks that contain caffeine ? well , avitae may just be the thing for you ! this is water . pure , tasteless , flavorless , colorless water . it 's got about as much caffeine in it as a cup of coffee only it costs quite a bit more . and ... that 's about all that this is . it 's water with caffeine . i got a bit of a buzz from it , i suppose , but otherwise , i have n't any real feedback on it . it tastes of nothing and it gets the job done !
= yep , it 's water with caffeine
< water with caffeine

> this product is described as tea , but i think it 's really more of a light broth , but without the salty taste that broth normally has.i always get the munchies while i 'm at work , and i find that drinking a cup of this savory tea helps take away my cravings . it is necessary to let it steep for at least 10 minutes.this sampler pack is a nice way to find out what flavors you like . i did n't care much for the beet cabbage flavor , or the carrot curry ... probably because i really dislike both beets and curry . my favorite flavors were the broccoli cilantro and spinach chive . i 'll more than likely be ordering more of those two flavors in the near future .
= good diet aid ...
< nice way to find out what you like

> once again our hero robert langdon is woke up by an urgent phone call . and we are off and running from another dead body . but this time our story has us delving into the secrets hidden in da vinci 's art work . on a hidden trail left by the templars . and perhaps a quest for the holy grail . dan brown weaves his story mainly around paris and london this time.you will not want to put this book down . if you pick up this book , read it without a critical eye , remember it is fiction . if you do this you will thourghly enjoy it . i am left wondering what robert langdon will be drawn into next ...
= another page turner
< another winner from dan brown

> when future generations examine the steven spielberg canon , three motion pictures will stand out : `` schindler 's list '' ( 1993 ) , `` e.t . '' ( 1982 ) and `` jaws '' ( 1975 ) , the director 's breakthrough thriller . more than 30 years later , the film remains a textbook example of storytelling and characterization - somehow managing to transcend peter benchley 's source material . roy scheider , robert shaw and richard dreyfuss make a formidable ensemble while spielberg keeps a tight grip on the watery suspense . no matter how many times you see it , `` jaws '' still packs a powerful cinematic punch . far superior to the contemporary hollywood blockbuster .
= spielberg at his absolute best
< the jaws

> i 've been a tampax user for many years . as it turns out , i prefer playtex tampons for several reasons . the playtex sport tampons have a no-slip plastic wrapper with two tabs at the top which make it very easy to open . the plastic applicator covers the entire tampon so there is no cotton exposed that can rub and irritate . the tampon itself is shorter which is more comfortable for someone who is petite . the layered design allows the tampon to open to a customized fit . the knot on the end of the string helps with removal . i wish i would have tried playtex tampons a lot sooner !
= i wish i would have tried playtex tampons a lot sooner !
< playtex tampons

> what 's not to like ? rich chocolate and crunchy granola , yummy ! if i had any complaint , it would be the seemingly melty chocolate chips . i am unsure if the clumps of chocolate covered in granola were intentional or if the chips were supposed to be freefloating , but either way it worked.i put it in a bowl and it was gone in a matter of 30 minutes . my 87 year old grandmother loved it as much as my 2 year old , who requested it many times over.i think it would be delightful even with milk as a cereal . i will buy this again !
= everyone loved this .
< yummy !

> i received the moshi ivisor ag anti-glare screen protector with high hopes . perhaps , that was my first mistake . i found that the screen protector may have reduced glare , but it also reduced the clarity and sharpness the kindle fire is known for . other than that , yes , it stays on just fine ... floats on your screen . as an adult user of a fire , i think i am just fine without a screen protector that costs almost 1/5th of what i paid for my fire . sorry for the mediocre review on what appears to be a popular favorite amongst others .
= not worth full price
< reduced glare

> i have sensitive skin , which always makes shaving a chore . even a light shave will often leave my skin feeling scraped and looking raw . and then i discovered this stuff . i have no idea what 's in it , but it definitely works . i shave , and then wash my face and neck in the shower . after toweling off , i apply this balm and bam ! it makes my skin feel moist , but not greasy , and it eases the feeling of razor burn . i ca n't speak highly enough about this product . love it !
= i love this stuff !
< great shave !

> i think this was a good movie if you look at it for what it is , superheroes and super villians . it is based on the frank miller graphic novel/comic book and that is exactly what it is . it is full of steroided up beefcake and exagerated characters doing 'super deeds ' . they spout jingoistic ultra patriotic jargon and all the villians are portrayed as either monsters or evil super villians.i found the movie entertaining but i do n't think it is a great history lesson or anything like that . just a good action/superhero movie .
= good comic book
< good movie

> these taste just fine . i 've tried several kinds of b lozenges and they are really all about the same as far as taste goes . the hard thing is to just remember to let them dissolve because that 's the most effective delivery method.this is a good form of b12 too , it 's very easily used- and that 's important , not just taking it but if your body can actually use it or not.my doctor had me take them first when i developed some neuropathy . it 's good for nerve health and function .
= taste good , good delivery method
< good taste , good for neuropathy

> dove post shave balm is a good remedy for those times when you realize you did n't apply enough foam or there was not enough left in your razor lubrication strip . sometimes the skin will feel itchy after a shave and this adds necessary moisture to avoid that feeling . very fast absorbent liquid , which also has a nice , not-too-strong amount fragrance . this could work well on sensitive skin as well . for those days when your razor bites , give dove post shave balm a try !
= for that extra smooth feeling ...
< dove post shave balm

> i needed this , as always i 'm down for a travis fix . i was surprised to see what actually prompted the wedding . who would have thought that abby was so quick on her feet . then cue travis 's mothers letter , cry my eyes out over a few short sentences . i love reading the love and chemistry between travis and abby . i will always be ready for more . mare and shep so need their turn !
= loved this
< travis and abby

> there was nothing sweet , ginger-like or good-tasting about this dehydrated urine in a pouch.and for those who think honey is any `` better '' or healthier for you than sugar , think again . your pancreas treats them the same , producing insulin . no amount of sugar could improve the flavor of this for me however.so if you are diabetic , you will want to stay away from this product also .
= you have got to be kidding me
< honey is a good way to get your honey

> these snack packs are perfect size for those counting their calories or living life on the go . great size for an addition to lunch or just a traveling snack . the combination of carmel popcorn and chocolate drizzle is just about perfect . it is not `` too much '' chocolate as in some similar products . snackwells hits the mark with this great combination .
= great combination
< great snack

> this was a good short story , i 'm really curious as to where it is going to go . i felt that the beginning was slow and then it got really good and then ended . i want to know whats going to happy with these characters . i think 1 book would have been good .
= what is going to happen ...
< good short story

> i love reading mc stories , but this one is one of the best that i read . i felt that this was more `` real '' in the sense that mc 's probably do some of the situations that were in this book . i am really excited to read more on zz though .
= one of the best mc stories
< one of the best mc books i read

> tess the girl has more balls then book 1 , & # 34 ; what the hell , q ? that 's the third time this week . you going to tell me what you 're dreaming about to warrant howling like a werewolf ? & # 34 ; q he can admit things in his mind but never out loud to where people can hear him , & # 34 ; i may be a controlling bas**** , but the moment tess stalked into my life i lost my balls to her. & # 34 ; and the things that man says get me all hot and bothered , & # 34 ; tonight , i 'm going to tie you upside down and force you to drink my come , esclave . then i 'm going to eat you until you forget your own name. & # 34 ; q he gets defensive about things , & # 34 ; i can take you to dinner without your permission . all i need to do is starve you until you effing yield. & # 34 ; he 's a possessive man , & # 34 ; damn right i would n't allow her to go to the hospital . she needed to heal here . where i had a top of the line security system and a crew of men ready to kill and then ask questions . she would never be out of my sight again. & # 34 ; i think for the first time in q 's life he does n't know what to do or think , & # 34 ; does she still think i wo n't let her talk to the outside world ! she is n't my effing prisoner . of course she can have a laptop. & # 34 ; i ca n't wait for the third book !
= love my q
< q

> i had a very nice press years ago , though i gave it up for a large quantity drip machine . i 've since elected to make less coffee at a time , so i wanted a press . this one came up on vine , and six cups seemed like a good size.well , my definition of six cups must be different . teacups , perhaps , but not six coffee mugs-worth fit into this press . still , it 's enough , i 'm just pointing out that it 's rather small . the press is very light . the one i had years ago was heavy glass , so i was surprised by that . cute , light , but how does it turn out a cuppa ? i made about half the container of decaf and noticed right away that while the top of the lid fits flush , the neck of the lid does n't . a lot of heat escapes while waiting the requisite 4 minutes for it to brew . when i pressed , i noticed the plunger feels quite delicate -- another surprise . it also pours oddly , as if spilling , or at least dribbling is somewhat unavoidable because of the way the lid fits ( or does n't quite ) fit into the top.cleaning it was fairly straightforward , but i imagine with use the grounds will build up in the screen.overall the cuppa was great , more flavorful than my usual drip method . it 's worth what it is -- a cheap , simple coffee press . if you need something more durable or capable of holding the heat in better , i would n't suggest this press . had i bought a press , it likely would n't have been this one , though i 'm happy to use it for now .
= works fine
< great press , but not a press

> martin scorsese 's lifelong journey to winning his first oscar ended with this thrilling police drama , `` the departed '' . based on the movie , `` infernal affairs '' , scorsese brings us back to the days when he first burst on the scene as an upstart director with films such as , `` mean streets '' & `` who 's that knocking on my door ? '' . the cast here is top notch , lead by multiple oscar winner jack nicholson who is brilliant as mob boss , jack costello . it 's hard to imagine how nicholson could n't have been nominated for his role . he 's charming , funny and disturbing . other outstanding performances were by leonardo decaprio , matt damon , mark walhberg . watching this film reminds me of the work of alfred hitchcock . in his films , ( i.e . `` strangers on a train `` psycho '' & `` saboteur '' ) hitchcock lets his audience know who the antagonist is on purpose and the audience is enthralled about how the perpetrator will be caught . the film 's writer , william monahan ( with the help of hong kong original writers ) keeps us guessing on what will happen and it works ever so effectively . this is a film that is volent as scorsese can make it and though not his best film , is worthy of oscar 's top prize . congratulations , martin !
= scorsese 's long oscar journey ends !
< `` the departed ''

> reading this book was like night and day from the first book in this series for me . perhaps because i did read horse 's book i could appreciate ruger more . i was surprised how well written and crafted this book was so that it did not repulse me as the last one did , even though the scenes in this book were quite hard-hitting and intense . not sure why every book and certainly with the mc 's the heroine has to get kidnapped , it is formulaic to the extreme . i enjoyed reading about sophie and noah , i thought they were both cute and loving and could not understand why on earth , ruger had a problem with falling in love and committing to them . i ca n't stand these heroes who carry excess baggage and unwarranted intensity when the women in their lives learn so much better and easier to roll with the punches . the men seem to just grab any excuse for their dumb ideas and at least in this book when ruger was with sophie he was there 100 % . at the end though , i thought he showed remarkable restraint and the ending was sweet and the epilogue too . i ca n't say i am a fan of this author , but this specific book was good .
= ruger was a great hero in the end !
< ruger is a good book

> i ca n't even begin to express how much i loved this book and the whole storyline of blythe and chris and his whole damaged family . it brought me rushing back to my college days and meeting that certain & # 34 ; unattainable & # 34 ; boy who i chased for years until i realized we both had too much baggage . at least jessica park spins this sad but satisfying in the end tale of love and healing and forgiveness in such a beautiful and realistic way , that you can feel where their actions are coming from and run with them ... literally . it is brutal in that the abuse the characters endure is almost unforgiveable , but the passion and emotions are gut wrenching to say the least and you will be fighting along side our characters and rooting for them until the very end . if i could give this book more than 5 stars i would . i wanted to read it again as soon as it was finished but i was so emotionally spent i had to wait a few days and process . be prepared to cry and maybe want to eat chocolate and have a good stiff drink while reading this ... no joke . jessica park you are my hero for so many reasons = )
= left gutted after left drowning ... wow
< i loved it !

> eisenheim the illusionist ( norton ) is taking vienna by storm . the year is 1900 , and eisen heim is so talented that his tricks are so good that his audience believes him to be supernatural . in fact , they may not be wrong . crown prince leopold ( sewell ) is a doubter though , and he gives chief inspector uhl ( giamatti ) the task of proving him a fraud . at a performance , leopold sends his fianc & eacute ; e princess sophie ( biel ) to the stage as a volunteer . little does he know that sophie and eisenheim were in love as children , and this reunion will rekindle their romance . this only intensifies leopold 's determination to end eisenheim 's act for good.edward norton is perfect as eisenheim . he makes the character likeable and even a little mysterious . on the opposite end of the spectrum , rufus sewell makes leopold a character that is easy to hate . biel and giamatti deliver solid supporting performances as well . the story is great , keeping the audience guessing about eisenheim 's gifts until the final minutes . i recommend finding a theater near you that is playing `` the illusionist '' , and check it out .
= the illusionist
< a great reunion to end eisenheim

> i could not put this book down , i could barely stop reading to go to sleep . i started monday afternoon at 4pm and finished the next afternoon at 1pm . if the tv shows criminal minds and mental crossed paths a script looking somewhat like this book ( but nowhere near as good ) might emerge . i have n't been this in love with a book sincethe mercy of thin air : a novel . the book is skillfully written from the point of view of a 5 year old boy who is being held captive along with his mother in the place he calls `` room '' . this room is his whole universe , it is all that exists for him and he can not fathom that anything else exists because what he sees is all he has ever known . and as the reader we are introduced to his world through his eyes but at the same time we are outside and know better . the plot and characters are spellbinding , the language skills and story telling singular- it is one of the most unique books i have read and i would ( and have ) recommend it profusely to anyone .
= gripping
< a unique story

> i love dennis lehane , but shutter island is not one of my favorite novels by him . unlike his earlier novels , there is no character in this book that the reader can strongly relate to . as a result , i was never emotionally invested in the story . the book has a slightly surreal quality to it , and there are sections of this novel ( mainly the middle ) where pretty much nothing interesting happens.still , lehane is a great literary craftsman , and i found shutter island enjoyable for the sheer quality of the prose . this book also has a great ending , one i will not give away . i advise readers to avoid reading too many reviews of this novel , because some of the reviewers will thoughtlessly spoil the novel 's resolution for you . whatever you do , do n't give up on this novel too soon , because i think the ending is the best part.in short , shutter island is a good book , but you 're better off reading mystic river or gone , baby gone if you want a great lehane novel .
= good book , but not without flaws
< a great lehane , but not a great read

> i have been using the powder mixes you can add to water bottles for a while , but i have to say i like the mio liquids better . the best thing is that you can control how much flavor you want by how much you squirt in . with some powdered mixes , i have had to add two or three packages to get the flavor i wanted . with mio , you just add a drop or squirt more.as to the flavor , i love sweet tea more than any other tea , an mio is the best i have tasted . far to many forget about the `` sweet '' part of the tea . this sweet tea is sweet enough for me and as above , i can control how strong i want the tea flavor.mio also has lots of other flavors to choose from , but i do hope they have a lemonade in the works .
= better than the powder mixes
< sweet and sweet

> james cameron 's gung-ho sequel is generally regarded as being superior to ridley scott 's original . in my opinion , scott 's `` behind you '' approach to alien works better than james cameron 's modus operandi : `` blast everything into outer space '' .regardless , it 's a great thrill ride , adorned with menacing aliens ( hats off to stan winston , the special effects are brilliant ) and an equally menacing ellen ripley ( sigourney weaver got an oscar nomination for the role ) . the dvd adds more footage including ripley 's discovery that all her family have died since the last film , and although the added scenes tend to slow the pace sometimes , they add to the character , and make the film feel more complete . great visuals , ear-splitting sound and cameron 's trademark over-the top action make this a must buy .
= this time it 's war !
< `` i 'm a classic ''

> excellent taste- i can handle moderately spicy but this is nowhere near that even . this is a sweet sauce with a slight kick . almost unnoticable- do not let the habanero part `` intimidate '' you . on a 1-10 level of spiciness it 's about a 1.even my friend who hates spicy sauces could handle this and enjoyed it at that . you can really taste the ginger but it 's not overpowering . it 's a pleasant taste . the ginger is sweet , you can also taste the mango but it 's not a bad taste . the two compliment eachother well . then the habanero is almost non-existent but that must be what adds the slight kick at the end ( which is a very modest kick ) .this would be excellent with chicken , fish and other meats . highly recommended .
= great taste
< excellent taste

> this is the first time i have tried anything from gold kili.i added one pouch of this instant ginger lemon drink to 8 oz . of hot water . after stirring , the color became a muddy brown color , not clear as depicted on the pouch/box . nonetheless , the resulting beverage had the pleasant tang of real ginger , on par with ablenheim ginger ale - medium heat.the lemon is not overpowering or cloying as it can be in some instant lemon drinks . this drink would be perfect for someone suffering from a cold , or anyone who enjoys real ginger . even though it is somewhat spicy , the ginger dissipates into a cooling effect.i plan to order another box of this instant beverage mix . it would be great for travel ; particularly if you are prone to motion sickness .
= real ginger flavor - soothing
< ginger ginger drink

> i think people are just shock to see somebody playing jesus christ in a r rated movie that 's why all the controversy cause theirs lots of other different videos out their having jesus in it this one is just the first to be rated r. the reason for that is it has to be more realistic thats the whole point of doing a great movie and besides all of this realy happen to him years ago . what was a disapointment , mel gibson did n't even get nominated for an oscar for best director let alone win one that is a big disgrace , well who needs a stinking oscar at least he won a `` people 's choice award '' cause it all about what people want .
= jesus can play in a r rated movie
< the best of the year

> this is a very handy gadget . i opened it up and easily put my tape inside the shell . it is a bright mint green and nicely made . i did n't have any problem loading the tape up . i pushed it down on my desk and took several pieces of tape out waiting for it to jam , or the tape to stop coming , but it did n't . so far so good . i like it.it is nice to not have to dig in my desk drawers to find that roll of tape that is stuck together and i have to take 5-minutes to try and pick the end to use it . nice product and handy .
= handy
< handy

> i actually liked the post-it filing tabs . they were easy to apply , and lift and re-apply onto notebook paper or folders . it 's just as easy to lift as well . they 're plastic , medium thick and easy to write on . and i 'm happy they 're tacky , but not extremely sticky , either . my one least favorite thing about filing tabs is that once you put them in place , or lift them to apply it to your notes , you ca n't do it easily . but , i can with these post-it filing tabs .
= durable tabs easy to apply
< easy to lift and easy to lift

> now this is n't going to protect from a serious drop or from impact of being thrown against something ... but it is a reasonable amount of extra protection against normal drops and impact.the case fits the iphone 5 like a glove . the material does n't come up over the front too much , so it works well with screen protectors . the middle strip is a nice metallic feel while the edges , top , and bottom are rubberized material.it pops on and off with ease . great case ! slim profile . sharp and modern , sleek appearance .
= slim fit , good grip , decent protection ~
< great case !

> a 2012 american romantic comedy-drama in which the male lead , bradley cooper , has just been released from a psychiatric hospital and moved back in with his parents . determined to win back his estranged wife , he meets recently-widowed sex addict jennifer lawrence , who also has some significant psychological problems . the two work together to achieve both cooper 's and lawrence 's ( doing reasonably well in a dance competition ) goals . en route , they resolve their psychological problems and end up getting married .
= surprisingly good -
< a romantic romantic tale

> this was the perfect ending to this series ! ! i love that gavin and emily really had to work at stuff and overcome their fears of screw-ups . there 's was not an easy relationship , but that made it more beautiful and true . i did not think i could hate dillon any more after collide , but boy is he a piece of work . loved the ending , heartbreaks , happiness and everything in between .
= yeah ! !
< perfect ending to a great series ! !

> this is very yummy with a smooth and creamy texture and a subtle hint of pumpkin . to ensure froth , we first add the power , then about 1/3 water to mix it into paste and finally finish off with the rest of the water and stir . it 's well-liked by my entire household . the only thing i worry is the amount of sugar but it 's not too bad of an indulgence .
= smooth & creamy with a subtle hint of pumpkin
< yummy !

> i like bold coffee , so i was a bit disappointed , but it was did n't bother my stomach at all ! i did like it , but it just did n't have the oopf like a nice bold cup of coffee . if you ca n't drink coffee at all because it bothers you too much , this is a pretty good substitute for regular . it was smooth , just a little weak .
= a little weak , but did n't bother my stomach .
< not bad , but not great

> these are chocolate mixed with caramel flavor . the caramel flavor is throughout the chocolate , instead of being in a mass in the center , as some candies are.i really like them . the tastes blend well . the candy is creamy and as a good `` mouth feel '' . i was surprised that i liked them as much as i did and had a hard time stopping at just a few .
= these are really good
< chocolate mixed with caramel

> these fantastic dry-roasted almonds offer up all the chocolate-y taste of dipped almonds , thanks to their generous dusting of cocoa powder , without any of the higher-fat guilt . nice crunch with a hint of salty-sweetness ( or would that be sweet-saltiness ? ) we recently served them at a dinner party and everybody could n't stop talking about how great they were . good luck stopping at a small handful !
= loco for cocoa roast almonds
< delicious !

> an exception to the `` what 's good for you , is n't good '' theory . just the right amount of vanilla and blueberry taste make these delicious ! do n't really know what flax seeds are , but there included too.the crunch and taste was very satisfying , and anything that i can put in myself that is healthy and tasty i will buy .
= yummy
< delicious !

> these are still fattening and overpriced , but the sea salt and pepper keep the eating experience slow . instead of munching on a whole can of fattening cashews without much flavor , you eat the nuts slowly . and they are very salty ( and peppery as well ) . so they are still fattening but they are slowly fattening you for the feast .
= not bad
< very salty , but the sea salt and pepper keep the eating experience

> i am so glad i decided to wait to read this until the second book was released . it really leaves you hanging ! lisa renee jones has done it again ! another amazing story . ca n't wait to find out who liam really is and what exactly happened in amy 's past .
= leaves you hanging !
< wow !

> fun bites calcibones were a hit with all of my dogs . they were easy to chew for my older dogs and i was able to break the treat in half for my smaller dog to chew . they looked forward to this treat each morning after their morning exercise .
= hit with all of my dogs
< fun bites

> another bad boy you love to hate . although this is not my usual long lost love genre , it is the bad boy with a sensitive side , which also works out for me . i liked getting to know the unconventional relationship of rush and blaire .
= another bad boy
< another bad boy you love to hate

> i love abbi glines . i love her sea breeze series and the too far series . she knows how to write stories . i am sad that i have finished both but they will for sure be re-read many times in the future !
= love , love , love
< love abbi glines

> this especially tasty , flavourful beef jerky is a wonderful packed lunch item , since it naturally requires no refrigeration . i 'm sorry vine reviewers only received one bag , because i would have loved to enjoy an entire pack .
= great for a packed lunch
< tasty

> this was just a decent read for me . i did n't care much for the heroine but the hero bothered me more . just not a book i 'd recommend or a series i will continue .
= blah ... ..
< decent read

> did n't really thing the book would have been that wonderful boy was i was wrong . you have to read this book was really good with all the twist and drama .
= whoa
< loved it

> was a good book . funny thou things like this happen in real life . glad they finally got to figure it out
= good book
< good

> much goes on in this book , but if i had to sum it up in a quick way i 'd say `` ender 's game '' is kind of like the harry potter stories , only instead of young ender and his friends learning how to be wizards , they 're learning the military strategies and techniques that they 'll ultimately have to use to battle the `` buggers '' , an insect-like alien race mankind has battled to a draw in the past.the story- in this first outing of the series , at least- is also a bit more philosophical and metaphysical than the potter series . initially , a kind of `` does the end justify the means ? '' theme permeates the plot as ender and his friends are subjected to all manner of manipulations by their adult trainers ; then the conversation evolves more to the idea that `` yes , the end often does justify the means , but that does n't mean that it still is n't all a little sad . '' finally , because this is science fiction novel , we- and the characters- ultimately get to experience a many-years-after-the-proceedings perspective that seems to say , `` is any major conflict really worth the effort and sacrifice , in light of the fact that the high emotions and the conflict in question all become old news and stale history before you know it ? could there have been a better way to solve the problem ? '' and , again because this is a science fiction novel , our hero ender just may find a way to make at least some after-the-fact adjustments to set the universe in proper balance.but to say more would be to take away from the experience of the book . give `` ender 's game '' a shot , and see if you 're as surprised as i am that some thoughtful film maker has n't yet turned this into a really great movie .
= children in space ? yes , but in a dark , complex , and edgy tale .
< a great science fiction novel

> i know it often takes some time for changed to be incorporated on product descriptions here , even after companies have submitted them , so i 'm hopeful that it 's just an unintentional lag . the current label has different ingredients and claims from the product description . here 's what it says : certified organic ingredients : organic dates , organic cashews , organic walnuts , organic rice protein concentrate , organic wild blueberries ( with organic apple juice concentrate and organic sunflower oil ) , organic agave nectar , organic almonds , organic lemon juice concentrate , organic blueberry flavor.it also now says it has a `` full serving fruit '' instead of the one-and-a-half serving claimed in the product description here , so it looks like the fruit content has gone down in the reformulation of this product . too bad . other things to be aware of : 19g of sugar , 3g fiber , 26g of carbs.taste is , of course , such a subjective thing . i like this flavor . i can taste the blueberries and the dates . the texture rates `` so-so '' to me -- i prefer the texture of rice bars , granola bars , etc . better -- a crunchier and lighter texture . these bars are solid and smooth with just a little bit of nutty crunch . luckily , they 're not heavy and chewy like so many protein bars.all in all , i do n't love the texture enough to reach for it very often , but i appreciate the organic ingredients and the health benefits and hope this company will continue producing other healthy snacks .
= their claims and ingredients have changed
< a little bit of nutty crunch

> i totally enjoyed stephanie myer 's `` new moon '' , a sweet yet dark tale of a girl and a vampire kept apart by circumstances , and a little emotional fling on the side with a werewolf . it may sound far fetched if you have n't read any of the twilight series , but meyer 's presents even the most bizarre senarios in a way that makes them believable.i believe stephanie meyer 's magic lies in the way she makes the reader feel so closely connected with bella . and i 'm not just talking about the 1st person pov . it 's as if the reader feels like they know bella on a personal level ( whether they choose to love her or hate her ) , and the prose makes it feel as if we crawl inside her head , spellbound by her stream of consciousness . by the end of the novel , we are so in tune with edward and jacob that it 's easy to picture their moods , movements , and have a good guess at what they 'll do next.the downside of `` new moon '' : the twilight novels are very slow paced , which is fine . this one just does n't seem like they 've gotten very far by the end , and it felt like it was more or less setting the reader up for what is to come in `` eclipse '' .but , that said , i would still highly recommend this book . the prose is magnificent and pulls you along , while the characters are unique and prolific .
= excellent prose , but sets up the next installment
< a sweet yet dark tale of a vampire vampire

> undeniably beautiful and nothing short of amazingi did n't think it was possible to fall in love with this story , camryn or andrew parish more than i already am . this is seriously one of the most beautiful and amazing love stories i have ever read . this second book exceeded my wildest expectations.i loved how no matter what , andrew and camryn were in it together . their love for each other was beyond any love i could ever envision . i loved their playfulness with each other and the crowd as they performed . i loved how they always had 100percent trust and faith in each other . i loved how they were never jealous of other people . i loved that this was not a story about jealousy and cheating like so many others out there today . this story has depth and meaning.j.a . redmerski did a phenomenal job in the style of writing . i absolutely loved the ending . i loved the structure of the ending ... it was so unique- unlike anything i have ever read before . beautiful ! no matter how many stories i have read or will read in the future ... one thing i know is that the story of andrew and camryn will forever be one of my favorites . their journey and love has etched a place in my heart that can never be erased . thank you so much to the author for sharing such an amazing journey with us .
= undeniably beauiful & nothing short of amazing
< beautiful and nothing short

> i replaced the worn out bosch icon wiper blades on my 2003 dodge ram 1500 with a new set of bosch clear advantage blades . the first thing that noticed is how similar they are to my last set of icon blades . the clear advantage blades are almost identical to the icon blades . the only major difference is that the icon blades have a cover that closes and covers the top part where they hook on to the arm . the clear advantage blades do n't have the same cover and it 's open so snow and ice can get in it and freeze . when i compare how well both blades work i ca n't tell any difference at all . the clear advantage blades work well in the rain but struggle when it comes to snow , sleet and ice . i had the same results with my last blades . these wiper blades are just fine during spring , summer and fall but i would n't recommend them for winter . they like to streak and not provide a very clean window surface for viewing when it comes to sleet or icy conditions . overall i like these blades because they work well most of the year and they are very priced reasonable . i do n't really see any real advantage to getting the icon blades over the clear advantage blades so if trying to pick between the two i would go with these .
= great for spring , summer and fall but not good during the winter
< works well

> i would like to give this a higher rating , really , but considering that if you eat the entire four serving bag , you still come up short on anything of value . each sixty-calorie serving provides fourteen grams of carbohydrates in the form of only two grams of dietary fiber , and a more generous ten grams of sugars . seeing as how its ingredients list consists of only all-natural , organic ingredients , i would say these are good sugars . each serving provides only one percent of daily calcium and two percent of daily vitamin c. this is the complete nutritional rundown.on a different note , this is a snack . as far as snacks go , adults may enjoy this healthful alternative for its wholesomeness , while kids might enjoy it only if not already spoiled on brand name chips and cheese puffs , unless they are not too fussy.these apple clusters have the texture of a miniature rice cake ball , but instead of bland dry rice poofs , you get dehydrated apple bits , with a light cinnamon accent , held together by organic potato starch and organic apple juice concentrate . the flavor is nice for a healthful snack.i probably will not make a trip to the market in anticipation of ripping a bag open , but i do like them .
= healthful snack of natural organic ingredients
< a tasty snack

> sweating is not something a woman wants to talk about , but it 's a part of life . unfortunately for some of us , it 's a bigger part than we would like it to be . i 've been using several brands of `` clinical strength '' anti-perspirant deodorants for the last 4-5 years and all of them seem to protect me better than the average solid . but i figured that maybe it was worth a try to test out a regular solid again and see how effective it was . this dove advanced care with nutriummoisture glides on nicely and covers well . i have been using it for about two weeks now and it is doing a pretty good job . here in washington we do n't get extreme temperatures , but it 's the humidity that usually gets me . overall the protection it 's providing is sufficient during our late spring weather , although i have n't really noticed `` softer '' underarms . as for the new scent of this one , i really like it ! it 's different from the other ones i currently have and it 's nice to be able to change it up .
= nice scent and decent protection
< good protection for the new scent

> the first novel in the stephanie plum series . stephanie lost her job , had her car repossessed , has hocked or sold most of her belongings , has an empty refrigerator , and has been reduced to sampling the food she bought for her pet hamster . she obtains employment with her cousin vinnie , a bail bondsman , by threatening to tell vinnie 's wife about the duck ( this is left to the reader 's imagination ) . she is now a bounty hunter , and her first assignment is tracking down a man with whom she has a love/hate relationship.stephanie is from a working class family in new jersey , with an odd assortment of relatives and friends , some of whom pop in and out of the story . the novel has its moments as she is stalked by an insane prizefighter who likes to hurt women , has attempts on her life , and bumbles into some major crime . things work out , more or less , in the end as she picks up some injuries along the way . the future looks bright for stephanie and her hamster , and the series continues .
= fast moving action
< stephanie plum is back

> we have three iphones in our house with people who all have their own preferences for cases . it really is ridiculous that the most reasonable of all of them is my 18 year old . he is the one who is most likely to change his case for different purposes.he was really happy that this is completely compatible with the screen protector that was installed in a store that shall remain unnamed . some of the cases are too tight or too inflexible to adjust to existing screen protectors that are sometimes nightmares to get on in the first place.he is using his lifeproof case right now while he is in the dominican republic because it is more protective for while he is in circumstances that change every day . that one is definitely more protective while working . however , he complains that the lifeproof case muffles the speaker and that this spigen case is much better for sound.this spigen case has a good grip and wo n't fly out of your hands easily.however , the space for the charger does not fit the 30 pin to lightning adaptor .
= depends on what you need it to be
< good case for the price

> reading beautiful creatures became an obsession for me . i instantly connected to the characters . having the novel in ethan 's point of view added to the interest . normally , ya urban fiction is told from the point of view of a girl . having ethan 's perspective added a unique spin , and i was comfortable with his feelings . lena 's eccentricities added to the fun . the romance that was included would most probably appeal to boys as well as girls . add in the supernatural , and you have a vampire , werewolf , witch , elf , etc . fest . factor in the southern small town charm ( and single-minded , know-it-all bullies ) and you have a book to die for.there were many plot lines , plot twists , and themes . however , the book was not confusing . all was well-thought out . interesting , and exciting . beautiful creatures could be best described as a southern , tothic , paranormal , romantic , young adult mystery that adults , as well as young adults , would enjoy .
= obsessed
< a southern , romantic , romantic , romantic , romantic , romantic , romantic ,

> this is not normally the type of movie that i gravitate towards ( lots of violence ) , but it was easy to be taken in with the good guy/bad guy plot and rooting for the good guy . the basic storyline is that a retired anti-terrorist type of guy 's daughter gets kidnapped and he goes to rescue her . in the context of that story , i was able to cheer when all the murder and mayhem happened.the action never lags . even though the movie is largely about `` beat up this guy , kill that guy '' the way in which it is done is entertaining . since dad has 96 hours to find his daughter , you always have the sense that time is running out . this makes the movie move very fast.liam neeson is always good . the other actors are also good . the weak link would be the daughter though . she acts goofy ( running everywhere with her hair flying ) , but it does n't detract too much.if you like action and violence , you 'll like it .
= action packed
< good movie

> the story basically was about how johnny wanted june very badly , and how long it took for them to get together . after they get together , the movie ends quickly . i dont know johnny or june to much , the acting was good but not excellent . i thought reese witherspoon did an amazing job as june though . the part that i rolled my eyes at was an almost minute scene with johnny with waylon jennings , who was played by his son , skeeter jennings . i thought it was a little tacky and would have prefered to see someone play bob dylan . plus forget to tell the story about johnny kicking out the lights at the grand ol opry . that would have been cool to see . go see it for reese witherspoon as june carter , other then that , a weak biography of the man in black .
= the june and johnny story is more like it
< johnny witherspoon is the best

> spouse and self both tasted this when it arrived ... one hated it and one liked it a lot so we opted for a split review . these have a nice crunch ( both agreed ) but where one thought the sour apple flavor to be excellent , the other felt it tasted too tart and nearly chemical . the cinnamon was also at odds ... one liked it and the other felt it was overwhelming . last but not least , one liked the puffed apple , the other did n't . we both liked the fact it was organic but as for flavor , my guess is you will either love or hate it . between the two of us there was one opinion of each but very little middle ground . worth a try especially if you are searching for a healthy , crunchy treat .
= split review - one liked , one did n't
< not bad , but not great

> the story is one of mistaken identity , with an innocent man chased across the u.s. by agents of an organization who fear he will stop their plans to smuggle out microfilm with government secrets . cary grant is mistaken for 'george kaplan ' and kidnapped by workers for spy james mason . when grant refuses to cooperate ( he ca n't - knows nothing ) they try to kill him and make it look like a drunken driving accident.an actual and an attempted murder later , grant ends up in rapid city , south dakota with mason and government agent eva marie saint , with whom he 's fallen in love with . the movie ends with a chase scene on mt . rushmore , followed by the shot of a train speeding into a tunnel.well done by hitchcock et al .
= 1959 thriller by hitchcock
< the story of a train

> big tobbacco is no longer enemy # 1 ! the new threat to public health is nu-metal , and evenscance just happens to be leading this & quot ; march of the idiots & quot ; ! oh , yes-they 'll try to lure you in with such intelligently powerfull words as & quot ; heavy & quot ; , & quot ; melodic & quot ; , or & quot ; my personal favorite & quot ; genre-bending & quot ; ! you must strive to be more than a billboard number , my friends ! look up bands like down , tool , sigur ros , corrosion of conformity , angelo badalamenti , soulfly , sepultura , and atmoshere to get those creative juices flowing again !
= and now , a public service announcement
< big tobbacco

> i tried these platex sport body wipes and i was quite pleased with them . these are great and can be used on the entire body . they have a very pleasant sent that makes you smell clean and fresh after using . they remove dirt and sweet very easily . they are great for after workouts , working in the yard , or doing any type of work that would make you sweat . the alcolol-free formula makes them great for use on the entire body . i will keep a pack in my purse , car , where they will be accessable where i can freshen up in a hurry . they are strong and wo n't tear apart while using .
= mona lisa
< great for workouts

> i love the harry potter books , and though this was a good one and rowling handled it pretty well , it still was the weakest of the series . the action is almost nonexistent throughout much of the book . it almost could have been cut 200 pages . we miss a lot of mainstay characters that just pop in for a cameo . and what are the deathly hallows ? they are extrampaneous to the story , they just are there and go nowhere . but on the plus side , we see the culmination of a journey we 've taken with one of literature 's most beloved characters . good show .
= an almost fitting end
< good show , but not great

> i 've always loved honey maid cinnamon graham crackers , you know , the ones dusted with cinnamon sugar . so i thought i would love these apple cinnamon oat graham crackers too . boy was i wrong ! these crackers tasted stale and bland with only a hint of apple flavor . sure , they are 100 % natural and maybe a little healthier than my regular graham crackers but since these are a `` treat '' and not a significant part of my diet i would rather enjoy the eating experience . i 'll stick with my tried and true favorites .
= kinda yucky
< stale and bland

> that movie has been the best interpretation of this novel so far ( even though it supposedly has nothing to do with it ) . a close second would be & quot ; the homega man & quot ; episode of the simpsons . this is one of the many cornerstones of 20th century horror which matheson is responsible for . the story is a character study of robert neville -- the last human being in a world entirely populated by vampires -- and all of the existential implications that entails . very well-written , creepy , and thought-provoking .
= if you liked & quot ; night of the living dead , & quot ; ...
< the best interpretation of the year

> there is nothing this product offers that normal tea bags ca n't give you . other than an incredibly higher price per serving . using a normal teabag in your keurig makes a cup of tea that is very comparable to what an expensive k cup gives you . on sale you can get a good cup of tea for around 3 to 4 cents a serving . k cups a little more than 50 cents . give your family the taste test . try a teabag in the keurig vs a k cup . you 'll be surprised .
= too pricey there is an alternative
< good tea bags

> i give this product three stars because at least the pace counter works ( which in my experience is the most problematic part of such devices ) . but there 's a part of the band , the part closest to the body of the watch , that is inflexible and makes it fit poorly on my wrist . i 'm not sure why it 's designed this way . so if you are large person , i 'm 6'4 ' and 230 pounds , this may not fit your wrist .
= works but fits poorly
< not for me

> tide is one of the only detergent i use , and it has maintained it 's quality over the years . this particular product needs less soap since it is the ultra version . the clothes come out nice and clean , and i have n't had any color issues . i 'm not a fan of their original scent , but other than that , tide has certainly lived upto it 's name .
= good quality detergent !
< tide is the best

> maya banks you rocked this book girl ! ! i could not put this book down . i just loved gabe , he 's a strong naughty alpha male . holy smokes he had me squirming..lolmia and gabe were beautiful together . so looking forward to book 2 , it 's all about ash and jace , who are even more naughty than gabe . phew , fanning myself thinking about it .
= gabes a very naughty naughty boy ... lol
< i loved it ! !

> pulp fiction is still raw , captivating , and completely mindblowing to this day . this is the only quentin taritino film that i truly adore , the whole cast are at their best here especially john travolta , samuel l. jackson , uma thurman , and bruce willis . if you love a long and complicated film then pulp fiction is for you . i highly recommend it . enjoy !
= so cool .
< pulp fiction

> i have read the reviews on here and was prepared for an absolutely horrible book . as it turns out , it was n't nearly as bad as most reviews . yes , there were a few things that bothered me ( the creepy excellerated aging of their creepy baby being one ) , but overall , i found the book to wrap up the story effectively and i was pleased .
= i really did n't think it was that bad !
< horrible

> i tried to like these , but they were just covered with salt and mostly pepper , way , way , too much . i ended up using them in stir-fry and did n't have to add any salt and pepper to the dish ! ! i do n't recommend them at all unless you really like lots of seasoning ( and i thought i liked salt ! ) .
= way too much seasoning , both pepper and salt ! !
< not bad , but not great

> this book reminds me so much of 'the mighty storm ' , with a very slight variation . noel is not jake by all means but it is close . this is a good read on its own though . i love it , and highly recommend this for a light summer read . you need to read the first book though .
= excellent read
< great read

> will and meg 's story was a good one . as usual with kristen proby , it was well written and very well developed . love the interaction of all of the characters . you will really enjoy will 's ability to break down meg 's barriers and how he gets her to fall for him .
= liked it .
< great story

> i like ginger in food , and this does taste like lemon and ginger with a peppery punch of an after taste , but it was just to strong for me , i think it would be better poured over cabbage as a soup base .
= really strong flavor
< peppery

> i just loved to watch him in the iron man and avengers movies , but he does a great impression of sherlock holmes and his co-star is great also - the dialogue is quick and witty ... two thumbs up ! ! !
= i just love robert downey jr. movies ... .
< a great movie

> kinda a sleeper at times , but over all a very different kinda live story . but i do mean loosely . not sure this is my sort of thing . may hold interest for some .
= different
< not sure about the story

> i loved this story and i ca n't wait to read the rest . it was brillantly unique . i love maggie and caleb and am looking forward to the rest .
= loved this story
< loved it !

> definitely a good movie , batman begins , brings to the screen exactly what the title indicates : the story of bruce wayne 's transformation into batman.on the positive side : a ) the wonderful cast which includes christian bale , michael caine , liam neeson , gary oldman , rutger hauer , morgan freeman , and ken watanabe among others , who have outdone themselves with their performances , which are exceptional to say the least ! consequently , they have done a superb job of providing an entertaining film that can be watched over and over again . b ) the movie is action packed , while the plot , the setting , the dialogues , the costumes , the special effects , and the battle sequences are all excellent . c ) the film establishes a great cliffhanger for a sequel , which i would definitely line up to watch ! on the negative side : a ) the district attorney ( katie holmes ) looks like she is sixteen and crane like he 's seventeen . the young actress was a rather poor choice as this movie does not seem to be her thing , while the teenage-looking doctor overdoes it with his character 's weird `` attitude . '' consequently , the actors were not convincing in their respective roles , b ) the choice of having the league of shadows being the `` villains '' was not the best . they do fight evil after all , unless of course there is a not-so-hidden message of frowning upon vigilantes . personally i believe that neeson 's words of `` crime can not be tolerated . criminals thrive on the indulgence of society 's understanding '' ring true , c ) the mention of the underground railroad for no other reason than political correctness , which has no place here.in conclusion , batman begins is a movie definitely worth watching as it is guaranteed to provide for an evening 's entertainment .
= the league of shadows ...
< batman begins

> i love tea , tea of all kinds . i prefer loose tea or cake tea that you have to break off a piece and steep it in hot water , or i go in my backyard and gather some leaves from plants like wild strawberries , or perillo . i sometimes mix them together , so when i opened this box and found this new , to me , pyramid tea bag i was surprised . i liked it , i boiled the water and let it steep for about 10 minutes . i do not usually use any sweeter , if i do it would be raw honey from a friends ' hives.time to taste , i do not like this tea . first it claims to be blackberry vanilla tea , you would think that meant blackberry vanilla , here are the ingredients in order of their appearance , hibiscus flowersrosehipssweet blackberry leavesnatural flavordried black currant piecesdried blacberry piecesdried raspberry piecessunflower lecithini do n't think so , where are the blackberries ? some leaves that is all no blackberry like it says on the label ? . i could make my own blackberry teas with my own blackberry leaves i thought this would taste better . when i see blackberry tea i expect blackberries and not rose hips and hibiscus flowers . it is very tart i guess i am spoiled with my natural tea i pick myself . i can not put enough honey in this to make it taste good enough.i am sorry this is not for me . it is leaving a very odd taste in my mouth one i do not want again .
= deceiving
< not for me

> the 1 terrabyte drive is hard to assess since its performance is mostly inconsistent . the 1 terrabyte formats up toabout 931.4 gig and so you do lose a percentage of your drive . it is called the seagate expansion 1 terrabyte andvisually it is the same as the 500 gig seagate expansion drive.i tried doing backups from a variety of devicesincluding laptops and desktops and the speed varied a great deal . i plugged the 1 terrabyte into the usb 3 port ofthe netgear readynas duo v2 , and the backup speed of 32 gig of usb portable drive to the seagate expansion wasreasonably quick , and accurate ( something i prefer over super-speed ) with a speed of about 25-45 minutes for 29gig of directory and data . the expansion drive is a great drive to save to , and works easily . however , if you havemission critical data on the expansion drive , i have grave suspicions if the expansion drive is the only place yousave your data to ; i would strongly suggest that you use the expansion drive as a portable archive source . theresponse time past one-thirds to two-thirds of capacity gets to be a problem , and this is not an issue if this isan archive source . it is an issue if the expansion drive is your only source of the data being saved . my suggestionis , great portable archive , but do not use it as your only place to save key data.other than that , this is a good buy with a handy portable size .
= good portable drive
< good expansion drive

> there must be at least a hundred films and tv specials that deal with christmas , hanukkah , kwanzaa , etc . all of them range from the greatest to the worst , and a christmas story is one of the greatest . a majority of this country 's population have seen this film , and i 'm sure all of them now love it right after they 've watched it ( well , almost all of them , now that i 've seen the current reviews here on amazon ) . i should be included on the list of those who love it . i mean , this is a definite classic . it 's both hilarious and touching at the same time . along with it 's a wonderful life and home alone , every single minute of this film is almost flawless . it 's also one of those films in which you can memorize much of the dialogue , not to mention the many sight gags ( tongue on frozen pole , anyone ? ) . i think my favorite scenes are the ones involving soap and lamps . . . i wo n't give out any spoilers for those who have n't seen it yet . speaking of which , if you have n't seen this christmas classic just yet , give it a shot , especially on christmas eve . you 'll quickly understand why it 's considered one of the greatest christmas films of all time.grade : a
= always funny , always touching , and never overrated !
< a classic

> stripped starts out with grey being a young girl who grew up with a very strict father , and her mother was really the only person she had be there for her . but when her mother dies from cancer , grey and her father can not seem to be together any longer , so grey leaves to follower her dreams in l.a.grey never knew it would be so difficult to survive . now it 's been two years since she 's even spoken with her father , and she 's having financially problems with the school . so when the only place left hiring is a strip club , she takes the plunge even though it 's killing her inside . but at this horrible club she actually meets a man who could change everything for her , a man she could actually love , and she 's terrified.i really did like the book . it was okay . i liked how grey and dawson where together , that was really awesome . and i really enjoyed how the author shows the daily struggle grey goes through as she 's trying to survive but she feels like she 's loosing who she is by stripping . this book has lots of drama , and romance ! so i do recommend it , and i 'm glad i got to read it !
= strip
< stripped

> i used this havahart deer off at a family cemetery plot location in a remoted wooded area at the edge of town . we have several family members buried there . it 's a beautiful spot , but one can not put out fresh flowers , as the deer will eat them all , completely , each night.application process was straightforward , wetting down the flowers per directions . the powered sprayer provided a nice adjustable stream/mist . this powered pump is of course much easier to use than a typical squeeze handle sprayer bottle . however , i 'm not sure it 's that much more convenient than a pump up pressure sprayer ( which do n't need batteries and provide higher capacities . . . in the multi-gallons ) . but for wetting down a few plants or flowers , this was easy , quick , and convenient.results : i definitely got results , as ( checking back after 2 nights ) not all of the flowers had gotten eaten . but , some flowers ( both blooms and greenery ) were munched and gone - maybe about half.maybe another application will help . i 'll do that and re-edit this review if and when my results improve . at this point , i ca n't really recommend this repellent on the hope that half of your plants will survive .
= limited success with repellent ( but nice sprayer )
< not sure it 's working

> i watched serenity about 20 times before finally breaking down and watching the complete firefly series ( 14 episodes , 2002-2003 ) . you can see my serenity review for more details on the movie.this series has all my favorite characters from the movie . the series was of course made before the movie . the series has most of the same characters and loosely the same base story . i can see where the series closed down too soon.some space ship , some cowboy , and a lot of people to people situation interaction . each episode brings in a new problem and we see how our characters are to solve the problem or at least leave us with the thought of what we would do if we were there.i saw the complete series on blu-ray dvd as i wanted more control over the display and repeated viewing without having to subscribe to a service . the extras were disanointing and there was no voiceover commentary . some of the scenes ware a tad grainy ; however this does not distract from the presentation .
= watched serenity first
< the series is a great series

> more healthy than what i was feeding my dog , a bit on the expensive side , but the dog was crazy about the taste . since my dog can neither talk or type , i had to figure out a way to determine how much she prefered the taste of this over her regular food . i offered her this and her regular food at arms length , with a handfull of her regular food in my right hand , and this in my left hand , the chef michael 's food must taste alot better to her than her usual food as she broke a new speed record getting to the hand with the chef michael 's in it , then spent over a minute sniffing to make sure she had not missed a crumb , before coming over to my other hand to eat her regular food . keep in mind my dog is a big greedy , so even though she prefered the chef michael 's food , she wo n't say no to a handful of her regular food also .
= good ingredients and nutrition , the dog loved it .
< my dog loves it

> these packages of organic baby food come in very convenient containers , allowing you to squeeze the amount you want into a bowl and refrigerate the rest for up to 24 hours . while i have found many uses for baby food jars over the years , it is nice that these bpa-free containers fold flat making them easy to dispose of.this particular variety contains pear , broccoli , and spinach . since this is rated stage 1 , for six months and older , i suppose it is ok to combine the three . however , for allergy and tolerance purposes , it is best to introduce your infant to single ingredient foods before choosing multiple variety foods . also , having sweeteners like the pears in with your vegetables teaches your children that sweet is necessary.if you are into organic and healthy , these are great to bring along in your diaper bag , however you might want to consider making your own using a blender or food processor if all natural is really important to you .
= nice packaging , easy to use
< good for baby food

> this was my first caffeinated water ; i usually get my caffeine fix from coffee . this is purified water with 90mg of natural caffeine . says it has the same amount as a cup of coffee ; i would agree ~ i did n't feel any rush of energy ; about like the typical effect of a cup of coffee . no jittery feeling like i sometime feel after an energy drink . they also offer a 45mg option ( same as a diet soda ) .ingredients : purified water and natural caffeineaccording to their website - `` natural caffeine is created naturally in nature and comes from coffee beans . natural caffeine can also come from teas and cocoas as well , but we get our natural caffeine from coffee beans . most other caffeine containing products such as aspirin and sodas use artificial caffeine created in a laboratory . we simply think that given the choice , natural is always better than artificial . ''
= water with a kick ~~~ !
< purified water with 90mg water

> having not read all of the previous reviews of this excellent king adaptation , i must add to the accolades by singling out one of the film 's supporting performers , one who has been a presence for over a half century : dabbs greer . although only seen as the & quot ; old paul edgecomb , & quot ; greer makes a memorable turn as the elder version of tom hanks in the movie 's closing moments . his quiet and dignified soliloquy is truly touching . i can not tell how moved i was by such a topper to this outstanding bit of storytelling . greer , as well as all parties involved , magnificently brought one of stephen king 's best works to the screen . along with & quot ; the shawshank redemption , & quot ; & quot ; mile & quot ; ranks as the most faithful and cinematically satisfying of any jump from page to the cinema .
= in praise of a featured veteran
< a classic

> especially in these economic times , we 're all tempted to cut corners , but in choosing clear tape , one is best off avoiding knock-offs and generics . a new roll of scotch tape ( yes , it is a trademark ) has a tab so it 's easy to find the end of the roll , and the product is easy to pull off the roll , at full width , until you 're down to the core . with generics the user wastes a lot of time scraping along the roll , trying to find the end , and often pulling useless shreds instead of useable pieces of tape.no matter how thrifty you need to be , do n't waste your scarce resources on any tape but scotch . this particular package is not the most cost-effective , but if you go cheaper , buy one dispenser and then the roll-only multiples , not another brand .
= stick with scotch
< a new roll of scotch tape

> my husband saw this when it came out and dragged me to it a couple of weeks ago . i enjoyed it much more than i thought i would . the visuals in this movie are stunning . i think the only way to see this particular movie is in 3d.the problem , for me , is the plot . it 's been done before and is pretty predictable . it 's two hours and forty-five minutes that could have been easily an hour and twenty minutes . there are a few points that drag a bit , but it is pulled off by the visual effects.i just do n't know that the plot can support a long movie like this without the beauty that 3d brought to the film.stunningly beautiful and for that , i give it 5 stars . but without the 3d , this would have been a 3 for being too long .
= stunning visuals , plot was overly predictable
< a great movie , but not great

> bale has always been one of my faviorte actors ever since american psycho . he always seems to never get any credit for his performances , and in this movie he shines . the movie is dark , action is heavy in places , but the writing was blah . the movie had a few flaws , but i still enjoyed the movie . people who dont like the movie are either iggorant people who write reviews to piss people off or they didnt like it because it didnt have enough action or have a short attention span and cant pay attention . first off , the acting was excellent , the action was great , and the movie didnt have a cheese factor like the other four movies do . i hope the trend of batman movies are like this , and do not have bale turning into a cheesy george clooney type batman .
= christian bale has arrived
< great movie , but ...

> though described as flavorless , there is a distinct taste to this water . i do n't know if it is psychological or not , but i taste caffeine in the water . there is no denying that there is a distinct taste to the water that is not a typical water taste . unfortunately this did nothing to quench my thirst , rather i was more thirsty ! on top of that i did n't feel any more alert even after finishing off the entire bottle . overall this was pretty disappointing.the only positive i can see is it is a better alternative to energy shots . it is just water & caffeine . no other questionable ingredients . even though it did n't energize me , it does n't mean it wont be effective for someone else depending on how sensitive to caffeine they are .
= odd flavor
< not bad , but not great

> ok i finally like a marky mark movie . he 's been in hundreds of films and this is the only one i enjoyed ( the ones i have seen ) . it comes off obnoxious and toilet and teddy 's voice was hard to adjust to at first but i ended up just going with it and soon found out i related to the character and the story . i 'm a typical guy and i ca n't pretend that alot of the humour i can relate to , sorry ! i 'm a pig like most men . i also like mila kunis . i think she 's one of the best new school actresses and she 's beautiful . so i like this movie and the marky mark song good vibration . mark walberg is cool in my book thank god .
= teddy bear movie
< i 'm a fan of the movie

> the 5 ounce bottle of gringo bandito hot sauce that i was sent lasted a while . i am not much for hot sauces but did try a teeny bit so can attest to the fact that it is indeed hot ! however , my son loves hot sauce on most everything . since moving to texas , it has become a standard and he found the gringo bandito to be very good and to him , it was hot but not too spicy . it is great to eat on any tex-mex food like burritos or tacos . we also used it on some wings during the super bowl . it is said to be gluten free and an all natural sauce . the price seems reasonable to me for the amount you get as a little goes a long way !
= hot-hot-hot !
< hot sauce

> amazon is grouping all the tide reviews together which is very confusing , so let me first say my review is for `` tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent '' .tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent like all tide products does a great job at cleaning your laundry . i 've tried just about every laundry detergent there is , and none can clean better than tide . tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent may not be for everyone though . it has a very strong scent . it 's not unpleasant , but just very strong . if you 're looking for lightly scented detergent , this is n't for you . if scent is n't a concern , or you 're looking for a lot of scent , then this is the detergent for you .
= tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent
< tide plus febreze freshness

> i 'm a flavored coffee and a latte aficionado , but tasting this pumpkin spice latte made me reach for a nice , tall glass of ice water and a salty dill pickle to get the sweet taste out of my mouth . made according to the directions with 4 teaspoons of powder and 6 ounces of boiling water , it was too weak . i had to double the amount of mix for it to taste decent , but then the carbohydrate count became 22 grams with the sugar at 16 grams ( doubled ) . i 'd rather have a slice of pumpkin pie . i did n't taste the slightest hint of coffee either . this is the first time i 've ever poured a coffee drink down the drain .
= flavor too bland and loaded with sugar
< not bad , but not great

> i was looking for new sheets , but did n't want to spend a whole lot on them . these sheets fit the criteria perfectly , soft , comfortable , durable and priced right . they wash well , and as claimed , no wrinkles ! i have deep memory foam mattress and these deep pockets fit great , and go slightly under , so i do n't get a pulled corner . i do get some bunching because i sit up and lay down a lot at night , but a tug here and a pull there when making the bed and ta da , fits again , no wrinkles.with a large color selection , great price , and soft silky feel , i 'll be picking up some more of these !
= soft and comfy !
< great for new sheets !

> this book makes every girl think back to that one little boy in grade school that always went out of their way to be mean ... and smile.there were parts that seemed out of place or that collins and rory had add as the story veered to odd memories that lasted a few pages at a time . although that annoyed me , it just shows how much i wanted to get back to the two of them.after playing for keeps and checkmate , i ca n't wait to start nfh book # 3
= loved it
< i ca n't wait for book # 3

> the last banana boat sunscreen i tried was the 'cool zone ' which as i said in my review , the sunscreen worked down but whatever they put in to produce the cooling effect , stung the eyes and any open cuts . this sunscreen on the other hand was just what we wanted . this one also worked great as a suncreen but was very soothing to the skin and gave the extra moisture to keep my skin from drying out . my daughters and i are very happy with this sunscreen .
= great product
< works great

> this is truly a mid-range iced coffee.i 've lived overseas and drank coffee out of vending machines that dispensed quality iced coffee . illy 's offering is pretty good if one like coffee that is n't drenched in cream and sugar . i ca n't say the flavor is my favorite , but it is good enough for occasional drinking . i would n't consider this an energy drink . if you like strong coffee flavor and do n't mind the price tag , then you should enjoy this beverage .
= good iced coffee
< good enough for occasional drinking coffee

> if you 're looking for lots of action and attractive people in the middle of it all , then this movie is for you . angelina is , well , angelina and definately overpowers pitt and steals the show ( not to mention looks good doing it ) . while i do n't see this movie even getting glanced at when it comes to writing or screenplay , the movie is still entertaining . plus there is that whole brad-angelina thing going on right now too .
= lots of action
< angelina and steals the show

> this edition is what you saw in the cinema . we loved it , we believed it , and we discussed the themes . sure , this is barebones , but it is relatively less expensive . this is our first blu-ray dvd , and it lived up to expectations . but really , this film is a matter of personal taste : either it speaks to you , or it does n't . warmly recommended .
= completely satisfying
< what you saw in the cinema ?

> i think this iced cappuccino is about as good as it is going to get in a can or bottle . it is on par with starbucks frappuccino , but i think it is stronger . if you need a coffee fix and want it cold , i think this is the way to go .
= great iced cappuccino in a can
< good iced cappuccino

> in love with will . he and meg are great together . loved how he cared for her and loved her . meg was strong but was in need of what will had to offer . their story was great and ca n't wait for sam and leo 's story .
= loving this series !
< love it

> this is a great love story . even though there will be other books in this series . you can read this as a stand alone . great job harper sloan and i look forward to reading the next book .
= great read ! ! ! !
< great story

> loved this book . not as much as the first in the series but its really good . quite a surprise waiting in there and damn its good .
= excellent book
< great book

> it was a great book about loosing loved ones . writing was awesome , characters were awesome . i hope quinton get help in the next book .
= great read
< great book

> i definitely enjoyed this and flew through the book way to fast . even though it was over too soon i was n't disappointed .
= great ! ! !
< good

> spoiler alertrating 3.5good book just wish the story lasted longer . also hope we get jake and lil 's story .
= enjoyed
< good book

> omega-3 fatty acids are a combination of three fats called ala , epa and dha . ala comes from plants like flax seed , olives , walnuts , while both epa and dha are derived from marine life such as salmon , tuna , anchovies , herring , etc . there are a few types of omega-3 and phospolipids are one of the most efficient types to carry them to different parts of the body that needs it.the first time i heard about this supplement was when my dad start to suffer from multiple ailments . his blood was thickening , increased blood pressure and other problems associated with aging . his doctor told him to take omega-3 fish oil.this bottle has an expiration date of aug 2014. it contains 30 brown softgels which when taken daily should last for a month or two weeks ( label recommends 1-2 softgels a day ) . the ingredients are 400 mg of phospolipids , 223 mg of omega-3 fatty acids with 111 mg dha and 84 mg of epa . when compared to other similar supplements , it has somewhat less in contents . it has 30 mg cholesterol which is equivalent to 10 % dv ( daily value ) . if you are familiar with omega-3 supplements , most of them are huge softgels , but they are easy to swallow as the shell makes it slide easily and does n't taste anything .
= less omega and a bit pricy
< omega-3 fatty acids

> `` the war of the worlds '' is intriguing ! tom cruise is excellent as ray ferrier . dakota fanning and justin chatwin are also excellent as rachel and robbie ferrier . steven spielberg 's directing is brilliant and well-executed . the screenplay by david koepp and josh friedman , based on h.g . wells ' novel , is excellent . the music by john williams is impressive and brilliant . the cinematography by janusz kaminski is excellent . the film editing by michael kahn is excellent . the casting by debra zane & terri taylor is excellent . the production design by rick carter is brilliant and well-designed . the art direction by tony fanning , andrew menzies , edward pisoni , & tom warren is brilliant and well-designed . the set decoration by anne kuljian is outstanding and brilliant . the costume design by joanna johnston is excellent . the visual effects ( oscar nominated ) by industrial light & magic are breathtaking and masterful . this is an intense thrill-ride that will stay with you after leaving the movie theater . this is one of the year 's best ! also nominated for best sound & sound editing .
= `` the war of the worlds '' is intriguing !
< `` the war of the worlds '' is intriguing !

> i attempted to do a video review for this product but the pineapple i had on hand was a bit too ripe and the results were messy.using the gadget was as easy as the pictures indicate . it is a bit hard to judge how deep to twiset the slicer , even with the side markings . this is something that gets easier with time.overall , i was able to slipe a pineapple without wasting any of the fruit . as i mentioned earlier in the review , the pineapple i had was overly ripe so the meat itself was a bit smooshy . the extra juices pooled nicely into the bottom of the pineapple shell/skin and my kids had a blast drinking out of it.i would recommend this . my oldest son loves pineapples and i usually do n't buy them because i ca n't cut them properly and the pre-cut verisons in the grocery section are too expensive . for pineapple lovers who lack knife skills , this tool is a must have ! ! i wish i would have known about it before now ! !
= works great !
< i 'm a fan of pineapple

> these jarrow methylcobalamin ( methyl b12 ) , 5000mg lozenges are an excellent way to get a fairly high daily dose of b12 . a quick on-line search produced results that indicate these can be safe and effective in the treatment of neuropathy and sleep disorders ( among others ) , which is why i was interested in trying this supplement . unfortunately i had to stop tasking these as i am mildly allergic to xylitol , which is used a sweetener.fortunately another family member is not allergic to any of the ingredients and was able to test it for help with chronic fatigue syndrome symptoms . while seeming to lessen the worst of the symptoms , it did have the greatest effect in helping with regulating sleep.these do seem to have positive effect on the body and , other than my mild allergic reaction , do not seem to have any negative side affects , but it is very hard to quantify without medical testing . i also suggest speaking to your medical provider if you choose to take over the counter supplements.recommended ! cfh
= good , but read ingredients - recommended
< works well for me - recommended

> this book starts out with katy and her mother moving to a new town . they needed a fresh start since katy 's father died three years ago . her mother works all the time , and katy spends most of her time alone reading.her mother wants her to really try to make friends this year , and they have two next door neighbors who seem to be able katy 's age . little did katy know that just by going over there would start leading her on a path she never thought she would take.she finds out some crazy things about her neighbors . dee ends up her best friend , while she makes a frenemie out of dee 's brother daemon.this book has an amazing plot line . awesome characters , romance , and some action . it is truly an amazing book , and i can not wait to read more . this series is wonderful ! the chemistry between daemon and katy is spectacular , and constantly had me laughing . i highly recommend this book , and series !
= spectacular ! totally worth reading !
< amazing !

> we 've been fans of banana boat spray on sunblock for several years now , so i was interested in trying out this new product . while the product sprayed out nicely , we found that once it was on the skin , it was a lot harder to tell where it was and was not covering . other spray on sunblocks we 've used in the past leave a shiny film , this did n't leave anything . some people may like that , but for us it meant that we missed spots , which resulted in some sunburn.the cooling sensation was also strange , since what is the point before you get in the sun ? also , the agents used to cool skin can often dry it out as well , which is not something we need with sun exposure ( which dries the skin out on its own ) . i think we 'll stick to traditional banana boat spray on .
= uneven covering , weird sensation
< not for me

> this schick hydro silk razor is an updated version of what i have been using for a while now ... .and the `` new and improved '' actually is just that , unlike so many products that get worse with `` improvements . '' i really like the thicker handle that fits perfectly in my hand , and the construction looks sturdier and like as if it will be easier to clean.the `` water-activated moisturizing serum '' is great ... .it really helps in doing a smooth job quickly and efficiently , and because it 's `` water-activated '' they recommend using the shaver in the shower , and provide a little suction hook to hang it with in the tub/shower . it comes with 2 blade cartridges ( `` 5 curve sensing blades '' in a plastic cartridge ) , one already attached , and one spare . nice razor , nice improvements .
= nice razor !
< great razor

> ok i hate it when a book brings tears to my eyes and makes me feel emotional but i guess that is good for the author since she is obviously awesome at writing this book ... it is filled with sadness and poor mia had such a horrible life and went through so much abuse between father and boyfriend ... then she turns to food and bulimia ... my gosh it was just awful ... then she meets beautiful jordan who granted was a player but he fell for her and they really brought things out in each other that was so incredibly beautiful ... then there was the twist that ruined everything and i will leave it at that ... but this was really the best book by far ...
= best book ever
< wow ... wow ... wow !

> i had to go see this movie with one of my younger relations . first let me just say that the cartoon at the begining is outstanding , i have never seen a theater of adults laugh so loud.then there was the movie this was basically a unique 250 million dollar psa telling your children not to be afriad of the dark . or rather thats what it seems like on the surface . i was very surpised to find myself laughing along with the rest of the kids.the only thing odd about this movie was that i did n't walk away with the same satisfied feeling that i had after toy story . i do n't know mabe it was the lenth of the movie or something .
= good , but it was missing something
< i was not sure i had to go see this movie

> i have a 100+ lb rottweiler . i am not sure he chews these . he probably just swallows them . the sticks are not that big . they are probably a little less than the length of a us dollar bill . they are not that hard either . they are pretty easy to break with your hand . my dog seems to like them but then again he will eat anything . these are great since they do n't stink your hand and wo n't leave any residue either . my dog probably needs something bigger but these are great to have on hand as a snack for him . if it were up to him he would eat the entire bag in a minute .
= dog like em ... .but he 'll eat anything !
< my dog likes them

> the bottle states : `` what does purified water with natural caffeine taste like ? like nothing . '' i found this to be true . to me , it tastes like plain purified water.now then , there are many brands of purified water ( without caffeine ) that have a different aftertaste . this water is not necessarily bitter it 's just not on the sweet side.apart from a delicious cup of joe , what would draw me to drink this water instead of other sources of caffeine , would be the fact that contains no artificial sweeteners . it has as much caffeine as a cup of coffee , so it is not outrageously pumped up like other drinks . that 's a good thing .
= tastes good
< purified water with natural caffeine taste

> cutting for stone is remarkable book . i had a difficult time putting it down for any length of time and ca n't stop thinking about it now . i am definitely going to read abraham verghese 's book my own country soon . he has quite the skill in his writing and did his research in this book . i get a full sense of ethiopia from the characters ' experience and am fascinated by the lives they led there . the whole story from beginning to end fits seamlessly without feeling contrived . everything comes together but not in a fake manner . this is a wonderful book and i encourage all to read it .
= hard book to put down
< a wonderful book

> i take magnesium supplements for help in controlling migraines and muscle issues . i decided to try the jarrow formulas magmind nutritional supplement and it seems to be a quality item that is doing its job . granted , it 's a little hard to tell sometimes , but i feel like this is doing an excellent job . i will continue to use it for a few months at least . so far , it has effectively helped prevent migraines and headaches , for me , and seems to be helping with muscle/pain issues . so , based on that , i would recommend . a quality product at a reasonable cost .
= seems to be doing the job very well
< good product

> this hair straightener seems to do what it is supposed to do . the fact that it heats up so quickly is a big plus . the only complaint is the unit seems to make your hand hot so if you have really thick or super frizzy hair i think that could be problematic . all in all i think it 's a good product that is reasonably priced . i 'm sure there are better quality straighteners out there but the price would be prohibitive to most of us . so if you 're looking for a mid-range , decent quality straightener then i would recommend this to you .
= heats up quickly
< works well

> does the world need another p & p ; review ? no . will anyone read this ? probably not , but i made a resolution to write a review of every book i read - and i read this for the umpteenth time while recovering from surgery.what is it about this novel ? on the surface it is an ever-so-polite romance featuring the bennett sisters , whose biggest concerns are their ball gowns and gossipy letters . however , what makes it ageless is the fully developed characters and the deep insights into the human condition . i never tire of it .
= a perennial favorite
< the world of bennett sisters

> i just finished avoiding commitment this weekend and it was just phenomenal . what a great story of two people who seem to be so right for each other yet ca n't seem to find the right time to be together . i went through every emotion while reading the story of lexi and jack . it was well written and i liked how k.a . linde went back and forth between the present and the past to explain how everything started and then became what it was in the current day . a must read for sure ! ! !
= just so good !
< a must read ! ! !

> myself and my son loved these . they are whole grain so have that nice flavor and the garlic is decently strong . they are super super crunchy so they satisfy my own crunch craving with just a few , instead of the whole bag . flavorful and wonderful . we both loved them and even added them to our `` preferred snacks '' list . yummo.my husband and daughter , however , said they tasted weird and did n't like them . obviously , they are crazy though . ; )
= mixed reviews in this family
< delicious !

> this works really well.i have pretty frizzy hair normally and this really makes my hair soft and smooth . it 's much easier to style and the smoothness lasts all day.it 's a thick product , so for me , it 's a bit hard to get it throughout my hair . but , once i have it massaged in , it takes out all the tangles and i can feel the difference right away.it washes out quickly and leaves my hair smelling really great .
= clear deep nourishing treatment mask
< works great

> this is a fine product and worth recommending as a long-lasting deodorant , but i honestly failed to notice much difference between it and a regular solid . personally , i would not pay a premium price , nearly three times the cost of typical deodorant , for this particular product , though its effects may depend largely upon the individual . if cost is not an option , and you really need something super strong , feel free to give this a try .
= could not notice much difference
< failed to notice much difference

> this post-shave balm works pretty well . it goes on quickly and does n't leave a greasy feel . it left my skin feeling smooth and refreshed after shaving . i did n't have any break outs from clogged pores while using this product . my only quibble is the perfumey scent , which is reminiscent of dove soap , not exactly my favorite fragrance or an appropriate one for a man 's after shave balm .
= absorbs well ; leaves skin feeling fresh , not greasy
< works well

> this book is a very substantial and thought-provoking book . kiera and kellan 's love really burns up the pages ! they are on my list for best couple of 2013 ( because that 's when i read the books , with effortless ) . you wo n't be able to put this book down . i ca n't decide if i love kellan or denny more !
= kiera and kellan are couple of the year
< love kellan and kellan !

> this tastes like a fairly rich chocolate milk with a good flavor . it does , as described , keep you feeling not hungry for several hours and for me is a good substitute for breakfast . if you 're just using it as a snack substitute , however , i think $ 1.25 per bottle is a little high .
= good flavor
< tastes like chocolate milk

> this is great hair straightener for a fair price . i am not sure the ceramic components made it all that much better than the usual metal bar but it does work as well as more expensive models . i give it four stars because i was really expecting it to be a step above the competition .
= works as well as more expensive models
< great hair straightener

> wow . this was a long book but so incredibly heartwarming . i loved the original plot and each and every character . kristen ashley has such a gift with her character depth and is amazing at story telling all around . this was a touching read i am happy to have read it .
= beautiful story
< loved it !

> i like that it 's digital and that you can adjust heating settings and it 's there in lcd . you have to press the button down to turn it off . i have a more expensive one that is wider , but this does work well with long hair . good value .
= okay for the price
< good value

> i 'm a teacher , and i use these pads to write summary comments/notes on students ' work . the color is neon , all right -- hard to miss . these are easy to peel off the pad due to the small , perforated edge that 's without adhesive .
= handy for teachers
< easy to miss

> wow . when is the next one coming out . book took up right were part one finished . so much has happened to them . glad they found there way back but still more to come . hopefully this does not end in a bad way .
= wow
< wow

> i loved the first book so i knew i would n't be disappointed.i absolutely can not wait for the next book.i was so happy for noel and lanie.i 'm so excited to see what ` s next so hurry up march !
= amazing
< loved it !

> both my son and my husband love axe and all their products . it keeps them smelling good which is always important . they both loved the face scrub and both found it cleaned well without any harsh reactions . a+
= axe is a # 1 in my house
< great for my son

> this one is the best yet , i absolutely loved jackson , and i really like serenity . i do love muff though , and i am excited for the novella in december .
= oh jackson ...
< loved it !

> this was a great book like all of her other books and i 'm really looking forward to the next book !
= great book !
< great book !

> yep , love raine miller and have read book 2 already as well patiently waiting on book 3 in this series .
= yikes - love me a new writer
< love raine miller

> director david fincher made up for his dreadful directorial debut alien 3 with this superbly crafted thriller that became the most unnerving serial killer film since the silence of the lambs . veteran detective somerset ( morgan freeman ) is teamed with young detective mills ( brad pitt ) to track a serial killer who is basing his murders on the seven deadly sins . freeman and pitt are both great in they 're respective roles , but gwyneth paltrow is mostly wasted as pitt 's wife . the best performance however goes to kevin spacey as john doe , the seemingly insane killer that we soon find out may not be so insane after all . this is where fincher began to display the skills of the type of director he would become in his later films like fight club and panic room . the look of the film honestly , is pretty depressing , but that mood sets the tone of seven perfectly , and the atmosphere of the film carries a sense of dread almost throughout the entire film . freeman 's characterization of the weathered and disenchanted somerset is one of his best roles in his distinguished career . pitt 's characterization of a hot headed cop is one of his better roles as well , but as i said before , kevin spacey gives the best performance of the film and is purely chilling . what makes john doe chilling however , is not his crimes , but the fact that when he speaks his reasons why , he makes a frightening sense of it . the dvd itself is packed with extras including four seperate commentaries and an alternate ending ( plus an un-shot ending done with storyboards ) along with tons more , and is possibly new line 's best produced dvd to date . all in all , consider this essential viewing .
= a masterpiece of a film , and a masterpiece of a dvd
< the best thriller of the year

> the music , the costumes , the dancing and singing , are all top rate . who cares if the plot is downright stupid ? i 'd give it five stars if it was just a little more clearly understood to be humor , but murder is such an un-funny thing.velma kelly ( catherine zeta-jones ) is a dancer who had an act with her sister until she found her sister and her lover in bed together and shot them both . roxie hart ( renee zellweger ) is a girl in the chorus who had an affair with a furniture dealer because he claimed he could get her a job in a swank nightclub . when she discovered he was lying and he laughed at her , she shot him , then tried to get her auto mechanic husband to take the blame.they met in prison where the matron , mama morton ( queen latifah ) is doing quite a business in selling favors of various kinds , and apparently collecting them , too . she recommends roxie see defense attorney billy flynn ( richard gere ) , who has never lost a case . turns out he 's velma 's attorney , too.that 's the outline of the story , and of course we have a courtroom scene . but what is slightly disorienting is that people burst into song and dance all the time , everywhere . might make you think of jailhouse rock or cry baby . still , as i say , the dancing is red hot , as is the jazz , and the costumes are mostly very small and sparkly . all in all , it 's a lot of fun , and makes me think again about the fashion dolls robert tonner made from the main characters . if i had the money . . . but of course i do not .
= good music , good dancing , delicious costumes
< the dancing and singing

> this film is the founding father of the new modern generation of horror films . no poetry , no mysticism , no ideology , in one word postmodern to the core . the only objective is both to horrify and to terrify the audience and nothing else . john carpenter uses the technology at his disposal in each film to create the atmosphere and to bring up the elements that are going to do what he wants to do : make the audience shake in convulsions of fear . in this early film he uses the new steadycam to make long travelling sequences that can be more natural because the camera is carried by a person walking the way it is supposed to travel . we then really have the impression of looking at the scene through the eyes of a living person . we are then inside the characters and their fear , whereas the criminal is a lot more steady , immobile , even still . then the theme is supposed to bring up all our deep dark fears : a child of six kills his own sister who has just had sex , hence sex as the disrupting element that makes people crazy , insanity as the utmost strangeness that turns someone into something that is no longer human , a little touch of satanic evil , knives and halloween of course . and it works particularly well when we can see the face of this criminal who is wearing a mask , a mask that is expressionless and absolutely colourless . we have it all and we know we would be frightened ****less if we had to meet him in the dark around some lonely street corner.dr jacques coulardeau , university of paris dauphine & university of paris 1 pantheon sorbonne
= the archetypical horror film
< the founding father of the new modern generation of the new horror

> steven spielberg finally got the long awaited respect he deserved as director when he won the oscar for his 3 hour 16 minute epic . and now this excellent 20th anniversary blu ray finally arrives . spielberg shot in black and white because he says that is how he pictures all the events in his mind . as a kid he had seen some photos and they were b & w. with a splash of color at the beginning and end , he also tosses in an effective shot of a little girl walking through chaos wearing a red coat.brilliant movie making but certainly not a movie that can be casually watched . nor is it a film that requires regular viewing . frankly it is difficult assignment most of the time . in spite of the upbeat aura of schindler 's great good , the film also accurately depicts the horrors the nazis bestowed upon jews throughout eastern europe . as one might expect , we see superb performances especially by liam neeson , ben kingsley and ralph fiennes . a masterpiece for all time.this blu ray transfer includes a 1080p resolution and a 1.85:1 aspect ratio that matches the original . spielberg personally supervised the high definition transfer and the lossless audio ( dts-hd master audio 5.1 ) restoration of the film from the 35mm film original negative . special features include : voices from the list : documentary featuring a number of testimonies and stories from men and women who survived the holocaust thanks to oskar schindler.usc shoah foundation story with steven spielberg
= a masterpiece for all time
< the oscar is the best

> dream water is an artificially sweetened mini drink that contains melatonin and herbs to help you sleep . i have a weird schedule and often times can not fall asleep . i usually take either excderin pm or a 3mg melatonin pill . when i tried this the first time . i was surprised at how well it worked . it does not make me as tired the next day as the melatonin pill does . the first time i took this , i waited a while to go to bed and it gave me a slight , temporary headache , so for best results , take it about 15-20 minutes before going to bed.i want to note that i do not use an alarm clock at all and i am able to use this product and still wake up on time without an issue . my main problem with this product is the awful flavor ( snoozeberry ) and hideous taste of stevia . if they made this with only a touch of fruit flavor and no sweetener , or completely unflavored , that would be an improvement . drinking this quickly is an good way to avoid most of the taste.pros : -actually works without making you feel groggy when you wake up-easy to take , especially for those with problems swallowing pills-mostly natural-great for people who use a natural internal alarm clock-works relatively quicklycons : -tastes terrible , uses stevia-at $ 2.50+ a bottle , the cost is a bit steep-bottles are sometimes difficult to open
= tastes bad , works good
< awful flavor , but does not make me feel groggy

> good and bad points from this product : good : i thought the taste was good - the packaging describes the chocolate as velvety and i think that 's a pretty good word for it . the size is also larger than i realized it would be from the box - you get three pieces in one package and the package overall is about the same size ( in length ) as a regular candy bar would be , although the pieces are thinner than you average candy bar.bad : i think that for most people trying to maintain or attain `` skinny , '' this product is not going to be that useful . if you 're cutting calories , having a snack or dessert that is 130 calories without doing much to fill you up is not helpful . the product also contains 7 grams of fat and 0 grams of fiber ( eating food with fiber is important if you 're losing weight because it makes you fill fuller and less like snacking again later in the day ) . honestly i wish the chocolates came individually packaged so that i could just have one for 1/3 of the calories instead of having to eat the whole package.personally i would n't buy this product because i 'd rather eat a chocolate with less calories ( these would usually be significantly smaller ) or at least one that has more fiber and thus is more filling ( like the fiber one brownies ) .
= good taste , but not my definition of skinny
< good taste , but not great

> this book grabbed my attention from the first page . it was complete with very well developed , likeable characters and suspense . did jacob murder his classmate , or did n't he ? the behavior profile starts to add up as the book goes along . the struggles of a family that have been `` accused '' are played out in daily fashion focusing strongly on the emotional toll it begins to take . the conflicts that the mom goes through in wondering if her son did it , or did n't , and the oppposing views of both parents really played well into this story . the story is told from the fathers point of view , and jumps between court testimony that is written in a different format , and the continuing story . i could n't put this down , and spent a lazy sunday finishing it off . i was dying to know how it was going to end . i did n't predict the ending , however , i did have some idea of how it might go , but i was surprised at how it actually played out.if you are looking for a suspenseful page turner centered strongly around the court scene and a quick yet detailed read that is entertaining , than this is the book for you . i would recommend it to my friends and family .
= captivating , intriguing and difficult to put down !
< a great read for the fathers and family

> i come from a long line of tea drinkers . we love our tea in the morning , afternoon , evening ... anytime is a good time for tea time . now , making tea is not difficult , but when a little ` buddy ' like this comes around that makes that easy task all the more , well , easy then you ca n't help but relish in that little discovery . sometimes it 's nice to embrace the small things in life . with a lightweight frame , this double walled glass mug contains heat while maintaining an exterior temperature that is warm at best , completely eliminating the chance of burns to the hands . seriously , i nuked this thing in the microwave for five minutes and was able to reach right in and grab the mug barehanded . the silicone lid is uber-flexible and holds your tea bag nicely in place while it steeps , without the chance of having to dig it out of your tea . then you have the opportunity to squeeze your bag using the lid ( although the lid does n't protect your fingertips too much from the heat of the bag . so , while it is n't necessary , this little ` teacup ' is one of those nice little ` treasures ' i 'm so happy i found !
= me and my ` tea bag buddy ' ...
< a great tea for tea time !

> this book is an amazing addition to the ya genre , and an all-around good read . collins writes a character wise beyond her years , expanding her range well beyond the youth of its intended genre , yet inundated with the social limitations of being a teenager.this story does a good job of bringing adult themes into a ya storyline without them being overwrought , without generating a narrator whose emotional capacity is above the `` standard '' of believable teen , or without being graphic despite being explicitly vivid.there were a few places where i was n't sure why the author handled components of the story the way she did , mechanically , but really no show-stoppers at all . i , personally , get bored with a narrator who second-guesses herself constantly , particularly with matters of romance . i could dismiss it in this story because the author creates a character in a world so different from my own that i have to suspend regular emotional reactions to life , to extreme events , yet ... i confess , i got tired of the waffling.i like the overall writing style , though . i love reading things where every line moves the story forward . collins does a good job of that , yet not spelling out where the story is moving .
= starkly refreshing
< amazing addition to the ya genre

> amazon sent this product free to me to rate and review . i chose this because when i shave my legs i do not like to use soap , it is very drying . i tried this shaving gel with the other product i received from amazon , schick quattro for women trimstyle razor & bikini trimmer . when used together i got the most fantastic shave i ever had i am sure it would have worked as well with any shaver , it is a lovely cool soothing gel that allows the shaver to glide over the skin.when i finished using the razor and washed away the gel i noticed how clean , smooth and soft my skin is . i will be purchasing this item again , i love it , it is not messy like the aerosol cans and it is not drying like soap .
= great for ladies legs too
< love it !

> i really enjoyed this cereal . it 's the same shape and size as cherrios , but the taste is so much better . very light and crunchy , with just a hint of sweetness . it goes wonderfully with fruit ( bananas and berries ) since the cereal sweetness is light enough to not interfere with the fruit sweetness.although it has a decent amount of fiber i would not have guessed that given the taste . there 's no grit or aftertaste as there can be with other fiber-plus cereals.the protein content is also a big plus - a single serving ( 120 calories ) is surprisingly filling.ca n't recommend this highly enough . great for breakfast , and the single-serve packaging makes it easy to have as an evening snack just as-is .
= delightful !
< very light and crunchy

> a book constructed almost entirely of letters and telegrams , its fun structure made it a very quick read . i think that the last epistolary book i read was in junior high and i had forgotten just how charming this format can be . i liked all the characters , and while the plot was predictable , it was filled with a lot of life and spirit of the characters which kept me turning the pages . i had never heard anything about the occupation of the channel islands ( to be perfectly honest , i did not even know that there were islands in the channel at all ) . it was a very straightforward and enjoyable book and i am glad that it lived up to its good reputation !
= what a thoroughly enjoyable book !
< fun , fun read

> this is an astoundingly good cup of coffee ! from the scent to the cup this is a great medium bodied coffee with no burnt beans & no bitter taste - during or after . the ethiopia yiragacheffe is the `` exotic floral and berry '' blend , yet all i could savor was a brilliant smooth cup of coffee that had absolutely no need for sugar , honey or cream - it is quite frankly perfect as is . also easy on the stomach.no instructions , but they are single serve pods made for single serve brewers . as for a standard brewer , compile pods for brewing according to taste . experiment & enjoy.i shared this with my family , we have a new morning favorite .
= outstanding !
< good coffee , great coffee

> at first i did not really want to read this book . my friend convinced me and now i cant put them down . after i got done reading this book i went to the next . this book made me laugh , cry , and it made me sad . its sad how katniss and gale family live . it also it 's sad how the capitol has all these poeple from different districts doing game competition to the death for food . loved how katniss ended up becoming peeta partner to win and just loved what they did at the end . i am team katniss all the way . it is a must read and its so worth the time .
= amazing
< wow !

> i hate having those little shower poofs getting loose and drifting all over the shower area.they do n't like staying perched on the rack inside the shower area , and it drives me crazy.they fall off , the cat steals them and it turns into cat circus 2.2i do n't know how these things do with a heavier object hanging on them , but they are doing awonderful job of corralling the shower poofs and keeping them handy , contained and out of the reachof my cat , angus . now if only they could come up with something to keep him from opening the cupboardand snagging himself a pawful of q-tips ... .3m , are you listening ?
= just what i needed .
< my cat steals them

> the people 's choice awards were this past week and , somehow , fahrenheit 9/11 `` won '' an award for favorite film or something.one question : how could the 16th highest-grossing film of 2004 get voted as the best film of the year ? ( news stories abound about how this is the first year that voting for these awards was changed to internet voting , a system obviously rife with corruption ) .even the people i know who rabidly defended this thoroughly-discredited `` documentary '' have turned squeamish about moore 's obnoxious methods and arrogant attitude.you 'd have to go back to nazi germany to find an equal when it comes to propaganda .
= more fraud about moore 's fraud
< the best film of the year ?

> a new cereal ? only one way to test it . children , guess what 's for breakfast this morning ? my twin 8 year olds sat down and devoured a bowl of kellog 's crunchy nut . the earl reviews were good , alot of mmm 's as milk dribbled down their chin . crunchy , but not like granola crunchy which is good , tasty , tasty is always good and the big questions , do you want more ? and would you eat it again ? two big resounding yes 's , to those 2 questions . so i think we have a winner !
= kid tested and kid approved
< delicious !

> we have all loved the wrong guy that is destined to screw it up . for cass , jack is that guy . but what we do n't typically get in real life is the guy that moves heaven and earth to fix it . about half way the tears started and by the end i was a wreak.i could not put this book down . it is a great story of two people in love fighting not to give up on their own dreams and each other - knowing that they need both to be happy.you will fall in love with this book .
= a sobbing mess
< loved it !

> subtle vanilla flavor if you do n't like your coffee too heavily flavored . my husband , who usually does n't care for `` regular '' starbucks ( unlike me ) did like this coffee . i actually switched his out ( duncan donuts ) and he noticed it was different but said he really enjoyed it . as for me , i really prefer this to the via style with the sugar added , this is much more robust and stands well in an expresso . nice product , i may give it as a gift for my coffee buddies !
= nice subtle vanilla flavor
< subtle vanilla flavor

> i 'm always looking for a healthy snack , i 've been hesitant to purchase this item . it 's actually good and tastes like a candy bar , but obviously not as rich . is it worth the money ? it 's good , but not that good . it 's layerd in choclate that is very mild , the mocha middle is very light and airy . go eat a kudos , you can get them at sams , and it 's almost the same , obviously not in mocha , but it 's the same concept .
= wow , it 's actually good
< good , but not as good as mocha

> raspberries and chipotle peppers are two things i would never have thought of combining . we have now served this many nights . it 's wonderful in place of steak sauce or bar-b-que sauce and with pork chops . we also used it to toss with wings and they were fantastic.everyone in our extended family from 7 years old to 70 years old especially enjoys this sauce with grilled meats.i 've tried a few of the other reviewers suggestions , but in the end , we still prefer it with grilled meats in place of all other sauces .
= amazingly delicious !
< delicious !

> this swirl candy start tasting like werther 's original hard candy when you just put it in your mouth , which is great , but then somehow the taste disappears and you feel fatty sweet mass in your mouth , not very nice feeling.i did n't notice much of chocolate taste , too , i would say it is more like white chocolate , not milk.i did n't really like it , but , on the other hand , my children loved the candy and made sure the bag does not sit on the counter for too long .
= chocolates ?
< not bad , but not great

> i could n't put this one down ... what more can a person say about a book they enjoyed ? seeing the reviews here makes me realize that one mans trash is another mans treasure ... you ca n't know if it will take hold of you unless you try it . do n't be afraid to try it . it 's a spellbinding tale , rather like wuthering heights , rebecca and jane eyre all rolled up into one . i had a wonderful weekend reading it and i highly recommend .
= not shakespeare , but spellbinding nonetheless !
< wow !

> the schick hydro 5 blade razor is a very good razor . 10 years ago , it would have been a miracle razor . 5 years ago , it would have been the best of a crowded field of good razors . but , nowadays , this is simply a very good razor , but not the best.the price , as of the date of this review , for the schick hydro 5 is superior to most other razors , which is certainly something to consider when making a purchase .
= a nice razor
< very good razor

> i think that this works great for cleaning your skin , especially if it 's oily . it also smells great . i think it 's best use is for daily , long term prevention ( not treatment of ) acne . if you want to shell out money for acne treatment , this is not for you . if you want something to add to your daily arsenal , and do n't want to use good old fashioned soap , this is good for long-term prevention .
= seems to help , but only so much .
< works great

> this was just what i was looking for , and at it 's current price it 's a steal . in particular , my product came with a $ 1 off coupon adhered to the package which i intend to use ... again ! these are particularly nice for places that magnets do n't work , like ss appliances , and where tape or pins are a nuisance , like the walls of children 's bedrooms .
= just what i was looking for
< great for children 's bedrooms

> i thought this book was great . beautiful story line . it 's amazing to see how hey say love at first sight or in this book love at first hit . i thought they were an amazing couple who worked out all their fears . knowing how they people felt around her and how he tried to help her . can not wait to start reading the other mccarthy books
= loved it
< great book

> although i gave this book 5 stars , because of course the story line was great , characters were great and the writing was perfect . i will have to say that hopeless was such an amazing book , i felt this book just confirmed everything i thought holder was thinking . it was pretty much the same story as hopeless with a few different scenes .
= great book
< great book

> a lot of times i 'm using my kindle fire outside during breaks from work . glare has always been a problem that i thought i was just going to have to live with ... ..until this product.the moshi ivisor provides superior glare protection in an easy to apply device . no bubbles , no pain-in-the-neck installation , just a super product with super results
= great
< superior glare

> drinking a cup of this is like drinking a cup of syrup . it is sooo sweat . i got a tiny bit of spice flavor and really no significant taste of tea . making a smaller cup just concentrates the sugar . a larger cup just masks the spices and hint of tea .
= way too sweat
< great taste

> this is my first time using the banana boat products-have always used coopertone since forever . the smell is very nice and it does not have a greasy feeling to it-which so many of them do . nice creamy refreshing feeling when applied.banana boat you won me over !
= great product !
< great smell !

> loved carter reed ! he was an intense character and loved everything he came with . he was such a guy and i loved him ! i would love to read about more of the characters and more reed and emma .
= loved !
< loved it !

> there 's little original praise that could be heaped upon this iconic work by stephen king . `` the shining '' firmly established king as the literary master of contemporary horror , and has sold gazillion copies in both paperback and hardcover . the film by stanley kubrick starring a possessed jack nicholson added another dimension to the terrifying story of the torrance family , the very troubled father who is hired as winter caretaker for the overlook hotel , his patient wife , and remarkably gifted son.one more star in the crown of `` the shining '' appears with an unparalleled reading by actor/director/producer campbell scott . son of two acclaimed actors , george c. scott and colleen dewhurst , the younger scott lost no time in making it clear that his was a unique talent . . beginning in 1990 with `` the kennedys of massachusetts '' he has delivered praiseworthy performances in numerous films including `` the love letter , '' `` hamlet , '' and `` roger dodger , '' for which he received the best actor award from the national board of review . he also co-directed the highly acclaimed film `` big night . `` scott brings all of this talent to an intense , thoroughly satisfying performance of `` the shining . '' he never `` chews the scenery '' or indulges in over dramatization which a lesser actor might be tempted to do considering the theme , but scott simply terrifies the listener with his chilling reading , making the supernatural plausible and the demonic possible.this audio edition of `` the shining '' is a must-have for all king fans and horror buffs - do n't miss it ! - gail cooke
= a must-have edition !
< the shining

> overall this film was well done , well-acted , though possibly not well-directed -- hence only 4 stars . i 'm fine with a film deviating from a book , and for the most part this one 's unique telling of the story was acceptable . a few differences weakened it , though.regarding pacing , the film either crawled or sped by -- there was n't much of a happy medium -- and that lack of continuity affected how the story was told.including the pov of the game makers distracted from the emotional connection with katniss and her plight . the film would have been stronger shown solely through her perspective , as the book was.apart from showing how oddly and ornately people in the capital dressed , there was n't a real sense of disparity between the lives of those in the capital as opposed to the poor districts . for that matter , the feel of the capital came off more like a rocky horror parade than the sinister society that it is.reducing the games to merely reality tv competition undermined the story 's theme of dire survival . it seems that to keep ratings open to a wider audience , some of the true darkness of katniss ' life and predicament were short-changed.i also think if you had n't read the book , most of the reason why you should care about what happened in the film was omitted .
= pretty , but lacking substance
< well done , but not well-directed

> this is a stand alone within the series . they can be read out of order but i recommend this one second , read a song for julia first.this is the story of alex and dylan who met on a trip in tel aviv . the distance would eventually cause problems , but it was love at first sight when they sat next to one another on the plane there.eventually a misunderstanding causes dylan to fly off the grid while stationed in afghanistan on the army . alex tried for a while to contact him but he destroyed his computer and due to an incident he was out of touch.it took a lot of effort but dylan did get his life back on track and was flying below the radar and then they run into one another a few years later at college where they are forced to work together . they finally deal with the past and work through it.it was a pretty emotional read for me . there were a few times when i wished both of them would get a clue but it did n't detract from the story . alex 's mother is a pain , she seems to be rooted in part of the problems that each of the thompson sisters have.i look forward to reading more about the sisters .
= pleasant surprise
< stand alone within the series

> a south beach living fiber fit bar has its pluses and minuses . on the plus side : - controlled portion size , only 120 calories . and the entire bar is 1 `` serving size '' . you 'd be surprised at the packaged goods that have you consuming multiple servings.- only 35 of the 120 calories are from fat ... 29 % .- 9 grams of dietary fiber ... . excellent.- sugar or other sweeteners are not the first ingredient.on the minus size : - they are sticky at room temperature . this made a bar soft and , quite frankly , less appetizing to bite into . try storing them in the refrigerator , and the consistency improves . i thought a carmel flavor was more pronounced with a lower temperature as well . ironically , mine were mocha flavored.- the softness makes them difficult to manage in hotter environments.so ... this snack is a good way to supplement your fiber intake , and it does n't wreak your body with gobs of unwanted calories . use it as a snack , not as a meal replacement . and make sure you exercise enough that you 're not just treating it like candy . let your body use these nutrients for something other than storage .
= a snack , not a meal ...
< a good way to supplement your fiber fit

> harry bosch is back , this time investigating a murder that took place during the la rodney king riots of 1992 , and which he cursorily investigated at the time as a young detective.because of the chaos of the riots , he and his investigative team were hopscotching from crime scene to crime scene , never doing much more than a simple bag-and-tag before moving on to the next scene , but this one has stuck with him for all these years.new evidence has come to light in the form of a gun possibly tied to that murder , and harry feels compelled to dig into the case to see if he can finally achieve a resolution , as well as justice for the forgotten victim.the case has ramifications that reach all the way back to the combat theater of the first gulf war , and harry has to dig deep while fending off political obstacles in his own department.even if you 've never read another bosch book before this one you 'll find yourself captivated by this well-told story . tight plotting and pacing , plenty of action as well as detecting , well-realized three-dimensional characters ... it 's all here.this is connelly at his best . a solid 5 stars .
= connelly 's in top form
< connelly at his best

> graham crackers may not seem like something that needs reinvented . as a child , i always thought of them somewhere between eating a cookie and a saltine cracker , though much closer to a cookie , since they were part of a quick desert rotation . like anything else , some are better than others , whether just lacking a clear taste or enough cinnamon sugar coating . i decided to give back to nature 's golden honey oat graham crackers a chance . the front of the box boasts 100 % natural and no artificial ingredients or high fructose corn syrup . they 're also made with whole wheat and oats , which i thought would make them more substantial than something made by nabisco or keebler . but would they taste like the recycled paperboard box they came in ? they are delicious , with a balance of evaporated cane juice and honey that prevents the grains from overpowering . they 're good enough for a snack or dessert , but be careful , or you may eat a whole package , they 're that satisfying ! i would be happy to add these into my diet , which yes , does involve whole grains .
= healthy and tasty
< delicious , but not too sweet

> i had , of course , heard and read the rave reviews for `` the king 's speech . '' i had , of course , heard of the oscar nominations and then the wins ( best picture ; best actor for colin firth plus more ) . i bought it quite a while ago and put it aside until i was `` in the mood '' to watch what i thought was going to be a fairly dry movie . i pulled it out tonight and finally watched it . and i am so glad i did . what a marvelous , heartwarming glimpse of history.i personally do n't remember king george vi but i definitely remember the queen mother and of course queen elizabeth and princess margaret . this movie not only told a story of the king but gave me some insight into the rest of his family 's lives.colin firth and geoffrey rush were superb in their roles , as was helena bonham carter.this movie touched my heart . i would recommend it to anyone .
= adversity and a strange friendship that grows from it
< a marvelous , heartwarming , heartwarming , heartwarming , and heartwarming

> a pleasingly mellow-flavored but strong tea , this pu'erh brews up darker and more flavorful than most black teas.there 's a pleasant scent of cardamom , but the flavor in the brewed tea is mild . pu'erh is made in an unusual way that gives it a stronger , slightly earthy flavor than other tea . the tea 's color is nearly as dark as coffee . if you generally find black teas either too weak or too bitter ( speaking as a coffee drinker ) , this one will be a welcome surprise . i get as much ( or more ) flavor in 4-5 mins of steeping these teabags as i 'd expect to get from a satchet or loose tea.i 'd tried numi before , but had not had the pu'erh . i 'll definitely be back for more ! numi makes some good tea , and as a bonus this tea is organic , gmo-free , packaged minimally , and made with biodegradable bags ( that should compost well ) . highly recommended .
= pleasingly dark , strong , mellow tea
< a pleasant scent

> this is a decent movie . it could have been better on a lot of levels but it is definitely a good movie to check out . if you 're looking for a new hope , the empire strikes back , or return of the jedi , this ai n't it.it 's a different movie . not as action packed as those but definitely worth a look . i actually prefer this to attack of the clones , mostly because of hayden christensen , jar jar binks is an annoyance but you 'll learn to live with it . if he did n't talk as much it 'd be a very good movie.alas , i still recommend this movie . the dvd is great . a commentary from george and others and a few features on the second disc make it all the worthwhile . the deleted scenes are a must watch . definitely for the fans . if you are n't a fan , you wo n't appreciate it as much .
= the child , anakin skywalker
< decent movie

> i 'm a big fan of ginger drinks - they do wonders for settling my stomach , and taste good to boot . my normal ginger drink is to brew some black tea and then add about a half'ish teaspoon of ground ginger ( i 'm particularly fond of this brand : frontier ginger root ground non-sulfited , 16 ounce bags ( pack of 2 ) ) . it makes for a very strong ginger `` bite '' that i enjoy.this product is not as strong , but is still quite pleasant . i made this as a cold drink and it was very enjoyable - the ginger is there but not strong , and the honey is a good match in terms of taste.while i 'll continue to use my hot tea with ginger most of the time , this would be a nice alternative for days when it is too hot for a hot beverage . highly recommend , provided you enjoy the taste of ginger in a beverage .
= a nice way to enjoy the benefits of ginger
< a nice alternative to ginger drinks

> on the face of it , the quality park reveal-n-seal envelope is a standard # 10 business-style white envelope . that 's the benefit and the liability of this design . on the one hand , it 's great to have a self-sealing envelope that is -- in my testing , anyway -- impervious to tampering . the seal is so strong , i ca n't see any way to open this envelope without leaving a very visible scar to prove you looked at the contents . however , i think it would be nice if there was a subtle ( or maybe not so subtle ) indication on the outside of the envelope that this was indeed a tamper-resistant model to further discourage peekers from looking inside.aside from that relatively minor nitpick , this is a very nice , cost-effective solution to a problem many people have . and the clever seal design -- one which leaves no paper waste -- is an added bonus !
= a simple way to hide contents from prying eyes
< great for the price

> i do n't think it 's necessary to have a tampon claiming to be specially made for sports activities . if i 'm using a tampon , i expect it to work ( i.e . not leak ) regardless of what i am doing . that said , platex has always been a reliable brand , and continues to be , but i think tampon companies are getting carried away with marketing ( ex : fancy wrapping , colored applicators ) . i would like to see one of them create an applicator that is bio-degradeable/flushable , so i do n't have to worry about someone seeing my applicator in the garbage , or - worse yet - one of my dogs digs one out of the can.i do n't see any functional difference between these tampons , and theplaytex gentle glidetampons , other than the packaging , so i suppose it 's going to come down to what each woman feels personally comfortable with .
= not sure `` sport '' is necessary ...
< i like it , but i do n't see it 's necessary

> after finally catching serial killer and occult `` sorcerer '' lord blackwood , legendary sleuth sherlock holmes and his assistant dr. watson can close yet another successful case . but when blackwood mysteriously returns from the grave and resumes his killing spree , holmes must take up the hunt once again . contending with his partner 's new fianc & eacute ; e and the dimwitted head of scotland yard , the dauntless detective must unravel the clues that will lead him into a twisted web of murder , deceit , and black magic - and the deadly embrace of temptress irene adler . an incredibly action/mystery story that also has great character development and brought to life the incredible partnership of sherlock holmes and dr. watson . mark strong is terrific as the villainous lord blackwood . in addition to the great acting , the movie was visually stunning with 19th century london come to life . terrific movie .
= sherlock holmes [ blu-ray ]
< holmes and watson

> okay , for the most part i enjoyed the film . it was a great translation of the wells classic . problems arise with too many scenes of a screaming kid and a malcontent son . these do not play well against cruise 's portrayal of a man truly concerned with survival ( not only his own , but the world 's ) . another problem ... the aliens were cut-rate for spielberg . too similar to independence day and other mainstream films . why is is that when a director makes an `` alien movie '' with depth , they only give a glimpse of the aliens and do not allow the viewer to see more of the creatures ? the aliens is what the movie is about after all . as an action film alone i would give it a 3 ... but the drama bumps it up to a 4 in my book .
= spielberg could have done better
< great translation of the wells classic

> like seinfeld was advertised as a `` show about nothing '' , this is `` a movie about nothing '' . no matte how delicate and tender sofia 's direction was , the movie left me with no impression at al.. it dows no touch deeply japanese culture ; i 've seen a lot of better movies dealing about middle-age crisis ; the redeeming factor is really bill murray , who makes the best with hat is offered to him with the silly script.this movies seem to have achieved cult status . alright , the girl was unhappy , bob harris was `` moderately '' unhappy , . thei love was impossible , the movie did not play it cheap , did not make them sleep together , and that was a merit . but i simply go bored wiht people singing karaoke in japan for 90 minutes ...
= a great movie about nothing
< not bad , but not great

> this dark chocolate bar is 54 % cacao , with a solid chocolate taste -- not overly sweet as some bars are , but not at all bitter . the chocolate melts nicely in the mouth without the waxy texture that some cheaper bars have . while the nutrition label lists this bar as one serving , for me it is two generous servings at 2.25 ounces of flavor . it is also 330 calories ( 200 from fat ) which also makes me want to split it into at least 2 servings or share with a friend . it is easily broken into six substantial squares , so that makes sharing easy . half a bar is a very satisfying treat . if the price is not too hefty , this is a bar worthy of satifying a serious chocolate craving .
= this is what i like in a chocolate bar
< solid chocolate taste , but not too sweet

> if you turn your mind off and go along for the ride , there 's plenty of uma , mayhem , uma , nicely-done fights , and uma.plausibility ? well , not a lot . i suspended disbelief until my arms got tired , then the implausibility of the holy mother , loud noises that no one notices , and day to day use of a visible sword as fashion accessory kind of got to me . cripes , does every cold-blooded , female killer in the world get all mushy over kids ? and some of the guys , too ? i almost expected to see the first ultrasound tattooed on someome 's arm.ok as airplane entertainment , as long as it 's free and there 's no way to get out of the plane . missable otherwise. -- wiredweird
= the martial art of mom fu
< not

> james cameron 's big-budget , special-effects-driven sequel to ridley scott 's `` alien '' might lack the carefully orchestrated tension of its predecessor , but its unrelenting pace and weaver 's smart , tough performance carry the film into its own nightmare orbit . essentially an action film pitting a squad of scared , trigger-happy grunts against a teeming nest of truly frightening monsters , `` aliens '' benefits from its superb small cast -- including lance henriksen and comic paul reiser playing against type as a devious corporate slime-ball -- as well as director cameron 's breathless pacing and air-tight direction . just wait til mother arrives !
= aliens
< `` alien ''

> all you bitter bitties who hate this book because sparrow forgives ian , suck it ! cheating sucks , but it 's not the end of the world . its only the end of your world if you allow it to be . true love prevails and conquers what 's meant to be . sparrow and ian , were meant to be ! if you love someone unconditionally , you can forgive them . even if you do n't forget , does n't mean you have to spend forever dwelling in the depths of your misery . great read ! i wish the epilogue was longer though !
= aaaaahhhh ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< wow !

> if you are the sort that cries at movies , better have a fresh box of tissues before you start this one . it 's a heart-wrencher , a gut-wrencher ( yes , there 's blood and violence ) , and ultimately one to make you think . think hard . robert neville ( will smith ) really does save the human race , but probably not the way you thought when you saw the previews . do n't let anyone tell you too much about this one : it 's worth all the startle responses , shocks and emotional kicks in the gut .
= one of the best of the 21st century
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> velveeta cheesy skillets are fast and easy to prepare . just add chicken according to the package directions and you have an easy skillet meal of chicken and cheesy pasta with broccoli . you only have one pan to clean up , which is an added bonus.this skillet entree is also customizable . my family likes to add more broccoli , and we even talked about adding other vegetables and meats to the dish . it is a tasty meal that is quickly and easily prepared with minimal cleanup . yum !
= quick and tasty meal
< yum !

> chantea 's aloe vera green tea ( passion fruit ) is a mildly flavored sweetened green tea with passion fruit flavor and bits of aloe vera . the chunks of aloe vera are big enough to chew and add both texture and flavor to what would otherwise be a very bland drink . the green tea flavor is too mild for me and the sweetness is restrained but i could do with a little less in a drink that aims to be healthy . overall , i really liked this drink .
= mild but satisfying
< mildly flavored sweetened green tea

> taste wise these little apple balls are quite flavorful , but i find them too hard and too sweet after trying a few . they remind me of apple cinnamon crunch cereals i 've had . the hardness probably comes from the potato starch used in the making of these balls.i do laud the lack of any chemicals , though . there is no added sodium . one bag is four servings at 60 calories , but i 'm sure most people would have more than one serving.product of chile .
= too hard and sweet
< too sweet

> made in the usa . while it may vary by bag , the bag we received was made in the us . ( some varieties are made in china , so be diligent in checking the made-in status . ) my dogs enjoyed these . they are , however , very dry in texture , so beware if your dog has a small mouth or has an tendency to swallow things whole . i found myself pinching them into smaller pieces bc they were sooo dry .
= dry . made in usa .
< my dogs enjoyed them

> liked the story , hated what happended to dee , but love how beck was there for her . the only thing that i dont like is that locke 's story is not next , i mean it 's been 3 books since they 've been suffering and it 's been years , how much more will they endure and wait to have their happy ending ! ! ! i 'm just rantinghated absolutely hated what happened to coop ... snif ...
= good
< beck

> i liked this razor . it did exactly what it was supposed to do . i did n't feel like there was anything special about it . it had a moisture strip and multiple blades like all the other razors i buy . it did feel just a little bit heavier than other razors i 've used , but otherwise , not much of a difference . i would recommend it for a nice , clean shave .
= comparable to other disposable razors
< nice shave

> i have always loved coffee hot or cold . depending on my mood or the season , i enjoy trying new creations . this little can packed a powerful flavor that i really enjoyed . this is mildly sweet with a creamy flavor , with a refreshing cold boost of energy on a warm day in june ! this i will be ordering more of and hope to find at the local convenience store .
= tasty iced coffee on the go !
< a great flavor

> my little dogs go crazy for these- i love that they are made in the usa now as well.. i have two small dogs- i split one treat up into four pieces- feed a piece a day each . so far no upset stomach , just my little boys wanting another treat so bad ! never seen them so excited when i mention & # 34 ; treat & # 34 ;
= little dogs go crazy over these
< my little dogs love them !

> this was pretty yummy . i do n't like pop ( or soda for you easterners ) but i do occasionally crave a carbonated beverage that is n't too sugary . this fits the bill . it 's light and refreshing . ( i know , `` light and refreshing '' are overused words when it comes to describing drinks , but it 's true , i swear !
= tasty alternative to soda
< yummy !

> a light-hearted , easy and funny read about the taming of the man whore , drew . the characters were all easy to like and i particularly liked that emily was not a pushover despite her attraction to drew . their verbal banter was entertaining . i also liked drew 's family and his adorable niece .
= taming of a manwhore
< funny and funny

> big will has no problem holding the screen . will smith is solid , believable , and entertaining . setting is done very well . some intense scenes . overall extremly great movie .
= i am legend
< great movie

> really good story , but hated the way it ended . hate when a book leaves you hanging thinking what the neck .
= good read
< good story

> maximus ( russell crowe in a oscar winning role ) is the most powerful roman general , loved by the people-he ` s protects them and the dying marcus aurelius ( richard harris ) , when he doesn ` t want his mean-spirtied son commodus ( joaquin phoenix in a oscar nominated role ) to become king of his temple by taking maximus to be his heir , instend of his son . commodus murders his father , then he framed maximus for murder . meanwhile , maximus escape from the romans and he ` s running to his home . his family are killed by the roman soldiers . maximus unable to save his family then he becomes a slave by becoming a gladiator , his owner proximo ( oliver reed in his last role ) trained him and the other slaves to fight at the roman emperor , and then maximus has become a hero to the roman public , while he wants to have his revenge with commodus.directed by ridley scott ( g.i . jane , hannibal , black hawk down ) made a outstanding film , filled with great visuals , a fine cast and music score by hans zimmer and lisa gerrard ( also they were oscar nominated from thier score ) . the film supporting cast including : connie nielsen , djimon hounsou , derek jacobi , ralph moeller and spencer treat clark . oscar winner also for best picture , best visual effects , best sound and best costume design . oscar nominated for best art-direction , best cinematography , best director , best editing and best original screenplay . dvd ` s has an good-looking anamorphic widescreen ( 2.35:1 ) transfer and an sharp dts 6.1 expanded surround sound ( also in dolby digital 5.1 expanded surround sound and dolby surround 2.0 sound ) . dvd extras are an running commentary track by director : scott , editor : pietro scalia and cinematography : john mathieson . behind the scenes featurette , deleted scenes with/without commentary and more . this is a stunning film . super 35. grade : a- .
= an terrific adventure film , highlight by great photographed .
< a stunning film

> i do n't know , maybe it 's because i read this book through adult eyes . maybe it 's because i have read dozens of books with vampires , and seen countless movies with them also . maybe it 's because the characters are so transparent i can see right through them . whatever it is `` twilight '' was disappointing.i have n't found it yet , but i know it 's out there . a website where you can enter in different words , variables , clich & eacute ; s and `` shrapoing '' out pops a perfectly manageable young adult book . in this books case someone entered `` brooding , gorgeous , pale , outsiders , misunderstood , danger , lonely , witty , highschool , good , vampire , beautiful '' no real storyline , unless a `` good '' vampire meets intelligent girl and they just have to make it work , fits . if i were the cullens , i would seriously cry fowl if i had to after moving somewhere go through high school over and over again , i mean that 's just cruel . bella , and edward have no chemistry . i got no sense or feel or inkling of `` they just fit '' i find it hard to pay attention when characters are n't well fleshed out , but i finished this book and felt relieved i did n't have to endure it anymore . in a society where so little is placed on the literary arts , and so much is placed on trivial pattering i fear for the ya community in the future.reading the authors interview i now see why i could n't get into this book . she has no clue what vampire lore is , the girl has n't ever even seen a single vampire movie and her favorite vampire book is `` the vampire lestat '' which is the worst of that series ... .lestat as a rock star ? i am still reeling from that bit of fluff .
= absolute bore .
< i 'm still reeling

> once again a large cast of aging action stars reunite for another assault on the senses . the leader of the pack is sylvester stallone as barney . his `` robin '' is the not so old , jason statham as lee christmas . that last name will naturally be worth a few jokes along the way.the film opens with barney , his crew and his aging airplane ( symmetry there ) are sent to rescue a chinese ( i think ) scientist who has knowledge of blueprints of hidden uranium somewhere in a russian mine . barney is a free agent working for the cia headed by mr. church ( bruce willis ) . church sends maggie ( nan yu ) with the guys as she has knowledge of safe cracking needed to retrieve the blueprints.an opposing cadre of really bad guys lead by jean vilain ( jean-claude van damme ) also want the information so they can sell it to more really really bad guys who want to make some bombs . the movie directed by simon west and written by stallone never takes itself too seriously . there are plenty of inside jokes that those of us familiar with the actors and their movies will all easily get . included in the action are chuck norris , a `` lone wolf , '' jet li , randy couture , arnold schwarzenegger , dolph lundgren , terry crews and liam hemsworth ( someone the younger generation will recognize ) .as i was watching the opening sequence of the boys attacking the compound to rescue the scientist , i kept thinking of last year 's `` zero dark thirty '' and how that mission was quiet , well planned and stealthily executed . `` the expendables '' is none of those things . it is however fun to watch at times no matter how stupid the story .
= 2 1/2 stars for another assault on the senses
< the expendables

> mockingjay by suzanne collinsfor the last time , at least with this trilogy , i almost did n't read this book because everyone was reading it . new york times best sellers most often do n't make my cut . the dystopian world featured in the first and second book finds itself under attack by a mythical adversary and a hunger games victor rallying cry.once again i must point out that as good as the plot may be , the characterizations are what make this trilogy so compelling . it also has such a wide appeal . i have talked about the books with my 30 something daughter-in-law and my 13 year old grandson . we have all found things we both like and dislike in the books.you find yourself deeply involved with imaginary characters . there is probably a diagnostic term for this but it certainly makes for an intense reading experience . i also like the number of morality plays that can be used to engender discussions in education . my grandson was assigned catching fire as a summer reading assignment . the books just reek with discussion topics suitable for middle school . i also enjoyed the way the titles were clarified with actions in the books.i really did not expect to like this series . i sniffed with distain at the twilight series and expected the same level of drivel here . ( please keep in mind i did not read any of the twilight books nor see any of the movies and only perceive it as drivel based on the ranting of those i know who have reveled in both the books and movies . like 50 shades , it just does n't seem like my cuppa . ) i was pleasantly and quite thoroughly surprised with the hunger game trilogy.i highly enjoyed the book and i recommend it .
= shocked that i loved it !
< a great trilogy

> the number one asset to this film is denzel washington , who turns in a performance similar to the level of the one he did for his oscar winning training day . his performance is flawless as an airline pilot who is unparalled in ability but also has hopeless addiction problems . the first thirty minutes of the film itself are edge of your seat viewing as his plane loses all hydraulics and he has to try and land it . he turns it upside down to stop the downward plummet which is really great . his copilot is a study in contrast as he is stone cold sober but also barely competent as a pilot , worthless in a crisis and not particularly courageous in trying to save the flight.this presents some very interesting questions for the viewer and i wish the film had spent more time focusing on them instead of the legal investigation which followed . we 've all seen that done before . what we have n't questioned before is would you rather have a pilot who can outfly anyone , drunk or sober , be your pilot in a crashing plane or would you rather have a sober but incompetent , paniced , cowardly one instead ? this question resonates clear across the board in every profession and occupation out there from surgeons to lawyers to artists and musicians and everyone else . in most cases , the staid one does not do the brilliant work.washington does an indelible portrait of a professional trapped in substance abuse . he has got every nuance down , he is on for just about every scene of the film as well . he certainly will give everyone in his category a lot of competition come oscar night ,
= washington up for best acting oscar and deservedly so
< a great film

> have you ever been annoyed how , in literature , characters always seem to intuitively know what is going on in other people 's heads ? why ca n't i be so incisive ? the purpose of atonement is to turn that notion on its ear . in this novel , the characters think they know what 's going on , but none of them are right.the actual plot of the book is incidental : a little girl sees stuff and misunderstands it ( or does she ? ) . what 's interesting is that briony ( the central character ) is a future author whose books will just be about how individuals perceive things differently . well , this is a book where everyone perceives things differently . motivations and actions are completely misunderstood . we travel in and out of the different minds in the story to understand how each of them are mistaken.as for the actual story , it takes place in world war ii europe . there is a memorable description of the british retreat to dunkirk . it creates a very vivid picture of what england was like up to and during the war.nothing expected happens . i groaned when i came to the bit about the note , because i thought i knew how it would pay off . i was wrong . there is kind of a surprise ending , which is all the more strange in a book that denies the basic principals of plot . mcewan 's elegant prose makes for a very engrossing read .
= the roshomon of literature
< a very engrossing read

> stephenie meyer 's ( so far ) stand-alone novel , the host , departs from her popular twilight series and explores the theme of bodily possession of humankind by alien souls . as we follow the soul of wanderer , who is implanted into the body of her host , melanie stryder , we gradually learn the history of this alien species and how their possession works . the spanner in the works for wanderer comes when she realises that melanie 's soul has not given up the body , and that they inhabit the body together . having at first dutifully reported this to her supervisor/advisor , a seeker , she begins , eventually , to have sympathy with her host and manages to escape . the real fun begins when she manages to track down a colony of humans who have so far escaped possession , including melanie 's younger brother jamie and her ( pre-possession ) lover , jared . this is a thick book to read , but meyer keeps the reader 's interest easily . the situation where wanderer 's ( wanda 's ) soul and melanie 's soul , both inhabiting the same body , have fallen in love with two different men , creates an especially delicious dilemma . this was a great read , and , with the twilight series complete , let us hope meyer turns her talent to more like this one . there are rumours of sequels in the pipeline called the soul and the seeker .
= excellent non-twilight meyer
< the soul and the seeker

> if you want a completely suprising and enthralling read , this book is for you . reaper 's property is a scorching romance with a super hot biker named horse . and yes , his nickname does refer to a certain part of the male anatomy ! we usually do n't give a synopsis in our short and sweet book reviews , but just by way of background , marie has fallen on hard times and is trying for a fresh start by moving in with her loser brother , jeff . through a series of incidences told through flashbacks ( which we loved , by the way ) , marie is taken as collateral by horse , a member of the reaper 's motorcycle club.there is a lot more to horse than his bad-ass persona . we really loved how ms. wylde describes the inner workings of a mc . not sure if it 's all accurate but boy is it interesting ! they have their own code of ethics and do not operate like the rest of the `` civilian '' world . this is a rough book and um , it 's not exactly a traditional `` romance '' . who knew there was such a distinction between a `` sweet butt '' and an `` old lady '' ! all we can say is bravo to ms. wylde for creating one of the most memorable bad-ass alphas out there . ***fans self*** we ca n't wait to read more reaper 's mc !
= horse is my new favorite alpha
< a enthralling read

> i received this book as a prize in a giveaway . since i won all three books of the series , i put off reading , because when i like a series novel , i have a tendency to read them back to back ( in total , we 're talking about 1500 pages here ) . true to form , i read divergent , and went straight into insurgent , and finally allegiant.while this book was a good continuation of the series , i did n't feel it had the impact of the first book- it almost felt as if the author was running out of steam . the novel contained important pieces of the divergent series , so it was wonderful to discover the parts that had been concealed in book 1 , but some of this book seemed drawn out and could have been edited out for a cleaner read ( i give the book a 4.5 , and round it up because this author 's 4.5 is better than many author 's 5 star ratings . would probably have been a solid 5 if i had n't read immediately after divergent , so it was so easy to compare the two books ) .
= insurgent ( 2 of series )
< good continuation of the series

> this is my new favorite iced tea hands down . the blackberry flavor is crisp and clean , not artificial tasting . so refreshing ! there is just the right amount of vanllla flavoring - just a hint that comes and goes . i 'm not a big fan of vanilla flavored drinks so i 'm glad it is a subtle hint but still there . i do n't like it hot though , but that 's just me . i prefer my hot teas to be either a single tea note , an orange spice , or a chai tea.i use my keurig to brew it when i 'm in a hurry . for 2 glasses i put 3 or 4 tea bags in a heat proof glass and use just the hot water from the 8 oz setting . i let it steep a long time , sometimes i forget it ! but it never gets bitter . i add sweetener and ice to taste and temp , and i add more water if needed to further dilute it . it stores well overnight in the refrigerator as well . yum .
= delicious and refreshing cold
< my new favorite iced tea hands down

> movies do not get bigger , grander or more enjoyable than this one -- truly does live up to the hype . cameron 's screenplay is utter cornball , but kate winslet , the cinematography and the sweeping beauty of the score all pull you in . using a simple love story as a framing device pays off in spades , because it makes the entire awesome tragedy real and urgent -- we are on that doomed ship and it is sinking now . the finale is one of the most perfectly sentimental endings ever made . it transports you into a melancholy euphoria . i think the widescreen version , on a big tv , is best -- the standard version cuts off too much of the screen . the fact that this is essentially a ghost story is never ignored , even punctuated throughout , which increases the doom and terror . it really is a worthy competitor to gone with the wind as a spectacular canvas of history , populated with winning , if somewhat cardboard characters . and the music ... .
= swooningly perfect movie
< a classic , but , and , and

> a young boy falls in love with a girl that is way above his social standards along with the art of magic . although the parents forbid them of seeing each other they can not be split apart . until one day they were found together and the boy was sent off . he became a magician and traveled the world . she fell in love with another man , the crown prince . the two got engaged but the boy , eisenheim , finally meets back up with the girl and uses his powers to free her from the royal house in vienna . this movie is stunning in many aspects . visually in terms of locations , inside and out , there was great consistency and a nothing seemed strained . the story weaved fluidly through these locations and seemed to make the locales a vital part of the story . ed norton and jessica biel are superb . the story is fresh and imaginative , very intriguing . highly recommended .
= the illusionist ( full screen edition )
< a great movie

> i am one of those cursed with a horrible handwriting ; as such i avoid writing as often as possible out of consideration for anyone who may be called upon to try and read my writing . as a result of this i delight in computers , word processors and labels that can by typed.these fall into that category and are used on virtually any letter or package that gets sent from me . i normally use the word program to type everything and these accomodate themselves very well to word 2007 which is the program i use.using them the way i do , i normally only type one address at a time to go on an individual letter or package . the labels and the word program lend themselves to this kind of use with much grace.i believe they represent a really good value from amazon and can recommend them highly .
= just the right size for letters and small packages
< i 'm one of the best

> this was a pretty good read but not as good as & # 34 ; lick & # 34 ; . the story was outrageous and unbelievable ( like the first book ) but the author does a good enough job with the writing so i 'm not rolling my eyes the whole time . i did n't think the character development was as good as in & # 34 ; lick & # 34 ; . i never got a good sense of what mal or anne were like because their reactions seemed all over the board . i felt a connection to the characters in & # 34 ; lick & # 34 ; but not this time , which is the reason i did n't like it as well . i will definitely be reading the third book though with high hopes that it 's better !
= not as good as `` lick '' !
< pretty good read

> rob marshall 's jazzy adaption of bob fosse 's 1975 broadway musical chicago is a successful attempt at combining court-room drama and classy musical numbers . and while it may not win big at the oscars ( my bet is on gangs of new york ) , it still displays enough kinetic , energising spirit to make it a worthy contender for the awards . marshall 's knowing direction makes the whole film enjoyable and the musical numbers are as kitchy as they are catchy . richard gere 's performance as greasy , smooth-talking laywer billy flynn is a nice departure from his usual new york city man shtick . the leading pair of renee zellweger and catherine zeta-jones have never been better . an exhilarating film that keeps up its flashy sense of fun until the closing credits , chicago does razzle and indeed , dazzle .
= and all that jazz
< `` i 'm a classic ''

> i do n't want to post a review for each installment since they are only about 120 page each so i figure i would post a review when i get to a point that i have to step back and gather myself.installment # 5 did that to me at the end i was heart broken and in knots for avery.avery 's life is anything but a basket of roses i swear i do n't know how he goes on somedays . sean he is a mixed bag of nuts lol . he shows avery this sweet gentle loving side of him then it 's like a light switch and he goes cold and nasty . only a little bit of sex in installment 's 1-5. when you end each installment you ca n't wait to download the next one ! very addicting series !
= oh my hotness ! must read fabulous series !
< i !

> this book alternated between the construction of the chicago world 's fair and the story of h.h . holmes a serial killer operating in chicago at the same time.i was a lot more interested in the serial killer story line than the world 's fair construction story line . it brought back my high school days when i read true crime almost exclusively . because the serial killer part was less than half of the book , i did n't feel like it was developed as it could have been.architecture buffs will like the construction story line more than i did i 'm sure . i had trouble keeping all of the different men who were involved straight and some of the more technical references went over my head .
= wanted more develped serial killer storyline
< a good start to the series

> my thoughts at 31 % & # 8230 ; okay , so i drank the kool-aid and bought this book . very nervous that i 'm not going to enjoy based on reviews . so far , i 'm not understanding or convinced that this is a 5 star book . what has happened so far is really strange and i do n't understand lexi at all . why is she not questioning the breaking and entering ? ? ? my thoughts at the end , i cried ! ! ! ! ! no , the story ca n't end like that ! ! ! ! ! ! the author has to continue ! ! ! ! ! aj deserves a hea ! ! !
= there has to be a follow-up book ! ! ! !
< aj ! ! ! ! !

> fans of michael connelly 's harry bosch novels will enjoy his latest installment , the black box . the cold case that harry opens in this novel involves a murder from the 1992 l.a. riots in which harry himself had been called to the scene , but someone else handled the case . in his trademark dogged and consistent manner , harry follows one lead after another as he tries to solve the case . harry 's persistence survives internal politics that threatens his job . both new and longtime readers who enjoy well-paced crime fiction with strong character development are those most likely to enjoy this engaging novel.rating : four-star ( i like it )
= persistence
< engaging crime fiction

> i planted these a month ago- i live in new mexico.. the herbs are growing , the tomatoes are but the lettuce did n't grow.. my expiration date was 8/30/13 so i was close to that date , so not giving a horrible review based on that- was easy to grow and plant.. instructions easy to follow- put in soil and wait about two weeks to see growth- water as instructed- i think next summer i might give these a try again if the price is right.. easy to follow.. hopefully we wo n't get a early freeze and i will get full use out of my vegis
= half & half
< easy to use , easy to use

> i guess if you wanted to make a realistic power rangers movie , this is how it 'd be done , but the story and characters were just weak to me . whenever the robots fight the monsters , it 's dark and rainy and you can hardly see what 's going on half the time . the monsters are called kaijus . they come from a portal underneath the ocean . man begins to fight back using giant robots called jaegers . if you want to see robots fighting monsters , you might enjoy pacific rim ! ! !
= great special effects , but a weak storyline ! ! !
< robots fighting monsters

> i have read a lot of books , with the same kind of story . but with this book and story so explosive and raw . this is the best written book by far . the characters were twists and exciting to read about . you think one thing about the characters but you find out your wrong . that was the best surprise to read about . thanks for writing an amazing book . i enjoyed reading this book and off to read the second book now .
= a twist book , with a beautiful story .
< best book by far

> this is really a cool new product ! the tabs are super sticky but they remove cleanly . i 've used scotch reusable tabs to mount things to metal cabinets and painted walls . and , they are absolutely reuseable . i washed mine with soap and water and they were as sticky as when they came out of the pack . the package says for lightweight mounting but one of the things i hung i would not consider lightweight and it held fine .
= super sticky , removes cleanly , and absolutely reusable !
< cool new product !

> after the first movie came out and i heard that there would be a sequel , i could notwait ! then i saw the movie and it was the best . watson is getting married and holmesbelieves that moriarty is planning something big that will threaten the world . thisis where we first finally get to see professor james moriarty in the flesh and hemakes more than a match for holmes . the ending is quite interesting as well ! mustsee ! ! !
= holmes is at it again !
< a great movie

> gringo bandito hot sauce . really good taste , really good flavor . i do like hot sauce . even though i do n't eat it everyday , i do eat it . i like it on rice and beans ( together or separate ) . this hot sauce is my favorite . i especially like it if i am out of onions and/or peppers . i also like hot cornbread and hot fritter cakes/hush puppies.highly recommended if you like hot sauce .
= gringo bandito hot sauce
< good flavor

> i really love the bright vibrant colors that these sheets come in and the sure sticking factor i get with these post-it labels is fantastic.i used to send away for my return address stickers , then i discovered these wonderful thingies ! by going to the website listed on the pack , i get the free templates to use in making labels that look better and importantly stick better than my old choices.these labels look wonderful and i love them !
= great eye catching colors ! ! !
< love these !

> i 'm not one to change my underarm deodorant very often . i normally find something i like and stick with it . this was a change for me . the smell is soft and does n't bother my normally sensitive nose . it goes on smooth and does n't leave marks on my clothing . i feel that is covers me all day and is wonderful . it is so great that my husband has stolen it !
= you 'll change to it !
< great for my husband !

> this is what i can tell you - my dog loves almost all of the food she eats , sneaks or straight out steals ( she is a rescue dog with food issues ) . i can not honestly tell you anything about this food ( not having tried it myself ) except that my dog loves it and snarfs it down .
= my dog loves it
< my dog loves it

> virtually no after taste , low carb , and very low in calories . i have no clue if this stuff is good for you or not . i would buy this in the future . but i need to do more research on the health benefits of drinking aloe . i know it feels great on your skin .
= excellent
< no after taste

> this book was funny , heart wrenching and very romantic . it 's like a tragic love story with a very happy ending . thank god i got a chance to read this , i loved it .
= maid for love , the mccarthys of gansett island
< funny , romantic , and romantic

> one of the best books this year ! loved it ! loved the writing loved the story loved the characters . so glad it was n't another book about another virgin . 5 stars !
= wonderful flawed loveable characters
< loved it !

> nicole ca n't churn out these steamy novels fast enough for me . these walker boys are seriously hot . i wish they were real and other was one for me .
= alluring 4
< hot hot hot

> the movie starts out with the great swashbuckling battles scene , however the sailing ships are in the sky and everything looks science fiction techie . those resettled in for what looks to be a great sci-fi movie we are soon transported to new york city in 1881 ; there we find a man in a crowd trying to elude a different man . a telegram sent . and a mysterious message is received by none other than edgar rice burroughs.i will not give you a blow by blow description of the movie as that 's why you 're going to watch it and see how it unfolds . for people like me that have read the 11 books in the barsoom series it is almost impossible to convert to a movie . and they 've tried this story before with such luscious actresses as tracy lords in princess of mars ( 2009 video ) . at least they got one thing right in that movie a `` blond haired princess '' . luckily they put more money and time and cgi mixed with actors ' expressions in this movie . keeping in mind this is a movie many of the timelines and activities needed to be rearranged for one coherent viewing.again i 'm not going to go into details of the makings of the movie , location , or unique sets . if you get one of the many dvd versions they will assuredly have the standard dvd extras . if you do n't watch all the extras , be sure to use the voiceover commentary.even if it hits you strangely in the opening of this movie hang in there because as it goes on you will become more intrigued and realize that the movie itself separate from the books and separate from previous attempts is a great standalone introduction to what hopefully will be a series of movies .
= hopefully not the last of the series
< great sci-fi movie

> this is one heavy book ! not for the faint of heart . even know it 's set in high school the characters were very mature . i was on edge most of the time while reading . i knew that brooke was getting in over her head and that her budding romance with ryan would take a hit i could just see the train wreck in my head but it certainly did n't play out how i predicted ! even know what brooke did to her best friend was totally digesting i still felt sorry for her because when your young and your caught up in the moment you make mistakes . just when i thought things were going to work out and everyone was going to live happily ever after bam it takes a dark turn and things explode after that . i can tell you there are some hot sex scenes -yes high school kids - i wish my sexual experience in high school was like it was with brooke and ryan ! the ending was fabulous and the epilogue was spatular ! again this book is graphic and there is a rape scene so know it is dark but there is also lots of light in there too.quotes : '' we do n't even know one another . i lunged at him like a freaking hoochie . '' '' 'a man who eats manly meat ' , i said . 'i like it . ' `` `` i wan na make out hard . `` `` why does god do that ? make some people so beautiful that it almost hurts to look at them ? `` `` it 's not my business , really , but how many girls have you slept with ? i only ask because you 've got mad skills . `` follow my blog at iloveladyporn.com
= heavy topics but such a fantastic book ! !
< heavy book !

> this trilogy was so well done i found it only fitting the last installment be the best of the three.if you 're the type of reader who skims to the important parts , you may want to read the details in this book . mr. larsson wrote with a great deal of detail ; most all tie in at some point or another . there are other authors who try to emulate , but just do n't come up to his style . as well as detail , there are quite a number of characters included.once more , lisabeth salander is center stage supported by her usual cast , including a few new ones . she is her atypical self in society . she is the lisabeth we 've come to know . in this installment the reader finds , in detail , why she is the way she is . she also shows a soft side to the reader toward & at then end . i 'll not say much since i do n't wish to be a spoiler . will she conform to society or stay an outsider ? will she find a middle ground in society ? what of her relationship with blomqvist or zalachenko , and others ? it pulls together well . the book is good cover to cover . i found it the most riveting from the time she goes to court until the final sentence is read.sadly , mr. larsson as you know , never saw the books published . he left us shortly after turning the manuscripts in to the publisher . that is one fact which is sadder than his protagonist 's life . he left us with a beautiful work in this set . enjoy the book , it 's so well written
= an excellent conclusion to a well done trilogy
< a beautiful trilogy

> a close friend and i worked together to test the bounce dryer bar . she installed the bar in her dryer and i continued to use the seventh generation fabric softener sheets , free & clear , 65-count boxes ( pack of 3 ) in mine . both are more environmentally friendly than standard sheets . after two weeks , we compared notes.my friend , who enjoys the smell of the bounce was thrilled with her trial . it took 15 seconds to install and it stayed fine . we discussed the issue of dark clothing , so to give it a real trial , she threw a dark load in first . no streaks . her second load was a load of rugs . it made them smell good and left them static free . the only thing is that the bar ended up with lint stuck to it . she has done 14 loads of wash and is very pleased.i took my clothes , dried with the seventh generation sheets and compared them to hers , dried with the bounce bar . when i compared the static amounts , i found little difference between the two . so , the dryer bar passed on the static.while she gave the dryer bar 5 stars ( she 's loving it ) , i am deducting a star because i have been spoiled by the unscented seventh generation sheets , and really enjoy clothes that do n't have a `` freshner '' scent . unscented has become my strong preference.her clothes do have a very nice smell , so if you personally enjoy that , you can consider this an all-positive review . it works , it stays on , it smells good , it did n't leave streaks .
= a comparison ...
< works well , but static free

> sometimes it 's nice to read a story about two opposites who attract & sparks fly without a bunch of drama - and this is exactly that type of book . nix was a marine serving in afghanistan & suffered some pretty severe brain trauma - he even has an adorable service dog who keeps him calm & centered . but being calm is quite a chore & nix tends to isolate himself from the rest of the world . he has a great business doing metalwork , designing custom motorcycles , artwork & sculptures . when emily accidentally backs into nix 's expensive motorcycle , she begs him to not report it to insurance , but she is also cut off from her trust fund & has little money . nix is a real badass but for some reason he likes emily and agrees to let her work off the damage to his motorcycle by helping him with his office work . emily has decided she wants to experience life without being a rich bratty snob & nix finds himself confiding in her & opening up . their chemistry is incredibly hot & they find themselves in bed together but sure , it is just sex . yeah right ! in the end emily digs into his past which makes nix completely blow up at her & say some nasty things in anger . luckily his therapist helps him figure out how to make it right . nix is actually very sweet & sensitive when he lets his guard down . he is dominant & controlling in the bedroom & yet completely romantic & giving when he is around emily .
= emily & nix
< nix is a hot & sensitive & yet romantic & #

> this is amazing stuff . it has a scent , but it 's not too flowery and it disappears soon after application . the texture is not at all like a stick deodorant and it absorbs quickly . i have been using it for several days and have noticed no white residue on my clothes . i 've also not broken out , which has been a problem with other deodorant/anti-perspirants.there is a learning curve to using it . contrary to the title and product description , this is not a solid . it 's actually a cream and the amount dispensed is controlled by a click dial . there was no information on either the package or the container about how to operate the dispenser and it took some trial and error before i figured it out . two clicks of the dial dispensed the right amount of product for me.i am by no means an athlete , but can certainly work up a sweat just sitting around in hot weather . i tried out secret clinical strength for the first time on memorial day when the temperature was in the eighties and i spent most of it outside . by evening , the rest of me was wringing wet and wilted , but my underarms were bone-dry . i used it again the next day before some fairly strenuous yard work and found the same thing . this is a very effective product and i highly recommend it . the manufacturer might want to consider providing some information about how to operate the container , but the product itself is flawless .
= wonderful stuff !
< i like it

> 1984 is as real and frightening now as it was in 1948 , 1984 or any other time period . the difference is it was mostly conceived as a political story originally but has now become terrifyingly accurate and real in a high-tech world of government and corporate surveillance . privacy is a major concern now when in the 1980s it was hardly given any mention or great concern . 1984 is about a government worker ( winston ) who enjoys his job but starts to have suspicions about what is really going on in the world . the government severely restricts individual freedom , religion , choice of partner ( procreation is not particularly encouraged ) , choice at all , movement and occupation . winston starts to slip up and slip into the dark side . he knows he will get caught but can not help himself . yet winston dreams the proletariats will rise up to defeat big brother . is there some force in us which can not be defeated ? it is a powerful work that everyone can relate to . george orwell has been blatantly copied by scores of book and film writers for over 50 years . read the original for yourself and be amazed . is the idea of 24-hour a day surveillance , `` hall passes '' , spying , control , restriction and propaganda that far off ? all in the `` good intentions '' of protecting us.buy this book . 1984 has been in print a long time and has held its value remarkably well .
= all-time classic book
< 1984 is as real as the original

> i genuinely enjoyed this southern gothic novel , tho ' written for young adults i found a storyline that was perhaps not entirely original , but so fresh in it 's execution in that it does not follow the current mold/guidelines held popular for this genre.the story revises the paranormal definitions for witchcraft and demonology in format that will hopefully interest the reader in exploring the history of early american superstitions , as the past is fantastically colorful and i was pleased to see the authors capitalize on . i was also thrilled that the book was written from the perspective of ethan wate , the male protagonist . anyone who has read anything in popular ya paranormal fiction in the last decade will recognize that the common voice is a young , breathless female grappling with a certain curse while simultaneously agonizing over the `` first flush of love '' . not that this thread is missing from the plot line , ( lena is very much on the brink of potential curse-like disaster and has fallen in love . ) but since it is observed by a young man who means well there is considerably less time spent on gushing , overly-dramatic romantic notions and a greater portion is spent properly on developing the characters , story and ultimately solving the mystery.i so thoroughly enjoyed this novel , it is not only a keeper but i have high hopes for anything else ms. garcia and ms. stohl may collaborate on in the future .
= enjoyable southern gothic novel that shuns popular molds in storyline structure .
< a southern gothic novel

> the book which started it all . published in 1954 , it has been the basis of no less than 4 movies , the most well known of which was the 2007 will smith vehicle.this is the original apocalyptic novel of the 1 man against the horde story . in this case , it 's the story of robert neville alone in a post pandemic world of vampires . everyone else is dead and he alone fights against them , it 's humanity against the vampires and he represents humanity . it 's like robinson crusoe , except robinson crusoe with vampires on the island . i wo n't repeat the plot here because it is so well known.in fact , i would say this book is ground breaking . one thing which is less known is that george a. romero admitted that his zombie movies was inspired by this book too , substituting zombies for vampires . seeing that romero 's movie was the idea behind all the zombie movies that came after , this book was the grandfather behind them all.even though this book was written in 1954 , it is quite easy to read . it 's a very solid book and like many books of it 's day , there is even a story within a story inside it .
= truly a classic !
< a very solid book

> stephanie plum is one of the most down-to-earth , funny , and gutsy heroines to come around in a long time . when she gets laid off from her job as a lingerie buyer , she goes to her cousin vinnie in desperation . she is expecting to get a filing job , but instead she becomes a & quot ; bounty hunter & quot ; , bringing in crooks who have failed to appear for a hearing date . it sounds like easy money , until she actually tries to jockey some of these brutes into her car to take them to the police . they resist in every way possible and stephanie does some fast , on-the-job training . her first case is a former lover of hers who has committed a murder , with some debate as to whether it was self-defense . she pursues him while being pursued by a violent , sadistic boxer who threatens great bodily harm to her . this story is told in a breezy , tongue-in-cheek manner which is very appealing and causes it to be a page-turner .
= great debut novel
< funny , funny , and gutsy

> i tested these envelopes today by closing one and then trying to open it again . it is totally tamper resistant or at least the envelope tears up if you try to open it up after sealing securely . you would definitely know if someone tried to open one ! also if you hate licking envelopes this is the perfect solution . the lower flap on the envelope has glue underneath so you just flip up the flap and then seal the envelope very easily . i feel confident that no one will be able to read my checks or letters once enclosed in this envelope . i held the envelope up to a light and checked . the only thing you might be able to see is if you only put a check in the envelope without a sheet of paper around it . so people might be able to figure out that there is a check in the envelope . other than that , they seem fairly safe.~the rebecca review
= completely tamper resistant
< perfect for the envelope

> slacker buddies shaun ( simon pegg ) and ed ( nick frost ) gradually realize that they are in the middle of a zombie apocalypse that has gripped london . shaun , who has already been increasingly dissatisfied with his aimless life , rises to the occasion and sets off to rescue his ex-girlfriend ( kate ashfield ) and mother ( penelope wilton ) , dragging ed along for the ride.i enjoyed the film , due to wonderful performances and the funny way that hell on earth so slowly impinges on shaun 's existence . however , i have to admit that it fell short of my expectations , given the acclaim it has received over the years . i was bothered by several scenes in which characters have extended , pointless conversations with each other while in the midst of an attack , but i was won back by the fresh take on a familiar genre and sharp social commentary .
= inconvenienced by the living dead
< the middle of a zombie apocalypse

> i 'm not a huge soft drink consumer , but i thought i would give this a try since it 's being touted as a `` healthy soda alternative . `` the switch is a low-sugar carbonated drink that tastes fairly well , but is not as sweet as regular soft drinks or juices . it felt a lot like a soft drink ( that kind of weird filled-up feeling ) but lacked pizazz when it came to taste - there was n't a lot to the strawberry or the kiwi side and just made the drink feel a little flat . i do n't like super sweet foods , but i do like tons of flavor , so the drink did n't impress me too much . this drink might be more of an acquired taste.i 'd say sample this at your local grocery store or at a friend 's house before buying .
= nice soda alternative , but lacks a little something
< not as good as the `` healthy soda alternative ''

> although a little superior to & # 34 ; taken & # 34 ; , & # 34 ; taken 2 & # 34 ; which is of course the follow-up to the original centers around the liam neeson character being pursued after he killed many men in a sex cartel in europe and the father of one of the men who did die wants his head.bryan mills invites his ex-wife and their daughter to turkey where almost immediately mills and his ex-wife are kidnapped by these maniacs . it 's pretty much up to their daughter to rescue them.the film is extremely cleverly woven in its story with great stunts , excellent acting and the film is a nail-biter. & # 34 ; taken 2 & # 34 ; was a huge box office hit raking in $ 376,000,000 .
= `` on-the-edge of your seat film ! ! ! ''
< great film

> the flavor is light mostly like watered down gatorade , so i tried a 2 second squeeze and it tasted better . it contains sucralose which is less harmful than other artificial sweeteners - as for me , i might need to control this drink since sucralose makes me crave sugar.i had a good drink today after a hard day of work outside in the hot weather and it felt refreshing . it was a good pick me up without the phenylalanine of a diet coke.this is an easier way to take vitaminc c and also the b vitamins that i already take .
= vitamin squeeze energy drink
< tastes good , but sucralose is a good way to take

> these are my new favorite nighttime diapers for my two-year old . i have historically been a loyal user of pampers diapers . these diapers have all the similar features i like , including sturdy tabs , effective elastic around the legs , and a nice fit around the waist . what i noticed about these that are better is they are softer . they dont have that bleached-crunchy feel to them . they are just as thin , comfortable and effective as the others , and i feel better about a diaper that uses fewer chemicals .
= like pampers baby dry but better
< great for my two-year old

> i have n't had a chance to try all of these yet because i 'm going to wait until next spring to plant most of them , but i did try out the cilantro and the dill and both are growing really well ! the little pods are easy to use and so convenient ! i just popped it into a bigger pot , added some soil , watered it and let it go . within just a few days there was sprouting ! these would be great fun for kids too . a nice little assortment .
= so cute !
< great for kids too

> there are already tons of products that are called water enhancers . most of them is just flavoring , sort of a kool-aid squirt potion bottles . this one added vitamins , caffeine and taurine , which converts your plain water into an instant energy drink.for comparison , you would need approximately three squeezes to match the amount of caffeine in a cup of coffee.if only they can improve the taste to match the most popular soft drink mixes in the market . there is also a slight metallic aftertaste .
= instant energy drink
< water enhancers , caffeine and taurine

> i downloaded all 5 books for free . i was hesitant at first because i do n't read about werewolves . but i am so glad i did . the stories were well thought out , the characters were well established , the stories flowed smoothly . i really want to read more on damien . hopefully , there will be other stories that i can delve into.there were a few grammical errors , but it did n't deter from the story . thank you for such great stories .
= read with delight
< great story

> i love this for snacks for my daughter ! it is easy to fill , use , and re-use . major plus is the fun design makes it hard to get lost in a bag . we routinely use it to go to the beach , and for when we drop my daughter off at the drop-in daycare.i 'll be buying more of these in different sizes , because as anyone who has kids knows - you always need sandwich bags on hand !
= perfect for snacks !
< great for snacks !

> post-it durable tabs are the best tabs out there . i like that they adhere firmly yet are easy to remove without damage.i use them in cookbooks and gardening books for easy reference , in my planner , and on the folders for those boring but necessary household accounts . they 're quick to use and easy to write on.the bottom line : labels may not be 'sexy ' but these are certainly useful in home or office .
= write , peel , stick , remove ... .what 's not to like ?
< great tabs

> my 3 dogs loved these . i have two labs and a medium sized mixed breed . all of them like these and eat them entirely when i give them one . one of my dogs likes them so much i have to give her the smallest pieces , because she tries to eat them so fast she almost chokes on them ! the treats are a nice big size , which works well for my larger dogs .
= went over well with my 3 dogs
< my dogs love them !

> `` halloween '' remains my all-time favorite horror movie and still scares me every time i watch it . scream queen jamie lee curtis has n't aged much and neither has this film . from michael myers ' grisly first crime at age 6 to bloodthirsty romp as an insane asylum escapee - and his refusal to die - the viewer will remain scrunched down in their seat , glad that it 's only a movie .
= still horrific after all these years
< `` halloween ''

> i really enjoyed reading this book . the british culture portrayed was quite insightful especially the language . i got quite a peek of the view shall we say of some culture that was quite impressive like art.the chemistry was intriguing and fascinating . the characters drew me in and the scenery kept me glued in . i was really intrigued with the relationship dynamic and how it was written . the author pulled it off ...
= intensely graphic
< a great read

> this book is a different read . it goes beyond the typical bad boy meets girl who has issues because something happened in her past . this book represents `` normal '' people . it shows that people ca n't help who they fall in love with or what brought them together . it was a great read . the author did a wonderful job writing the story !
= different
< great read !

> this is one great anti perspirant . smells good , keeps you dry and is non irritating . dove beauty products , from their hair care to skin care ( i 've used dove beauty bar for over 45 years ) , to deodorants ca n't be beat . highly recommended .
= another winner from dove
< great anti perspirant

> a product that the dogs ( nena , sam ( antha ) and grizzly ) actually like , and provides them with calcium to boot ? a win-win situation for the pets ( and their owners ) .i recommend this product ! i rate funbites flatsticks calcibone ... 4 stars !
= funbites flatsticks calcibone , 60-count ( pack of 5 ) ...
< funbites flatsticks calcibone

> i am sorry to read the final page of this trilogy . it was so wonderful . i recommend it to anyone a little bored with typical trilogies . three separate stories interwoven brilliantly with heartache and love . loved it
= breathless 3
< so good

> penelope douglas did another great job with this book . i really liked to see jared 's pov and was not disappointed in how his story was told . will definitely read the next book in the series .
= really liked it .
< great book

> received the cord in a nice little box . i hooked it up and it works . not a bad price either , even though i did n't pay for it , i would have .
= cable works
< works great

> i really liked this book . it seemed a little familiar to me ... i waited a long time for this book to come out i had to read the first one again ... .
= pulse
< great book

> i happened upon this book by amazon 's recommendations . i am so glad i read this book it was such a great romance . i would recommend this book every body .
= loved it !
< great book

> four friends , who just graduated from college , go on vacation to cancun . they enjoy the beaches and luxurious lifestyle knowing that soon they must return to their normal existence of work or grad school . the guide they hire to take them snorkeling informs them that he plans to find his missing brother using a map his sibling left him before he followed a woman to an archeological dig and never returned home.amy , jeff , eric and stacey want to accompany mathias when he ventures to the mayan ruins . locals try to chase them away , but the quartet finds the hidden path towards the archeologists . when they reach the camp , they find no one in the vicinity ; but even scarier there is no avian life or even insects . all that lives is a vine that they soon learn is sentient and carnivorous . before they can flee for their lives , the mayans appear and refuses to let them go past the confinement barrier that has contained the vine.this tale slowly builds up the happy atmosphere of vacationers having a great time before the next stages in their lives when abruptly the rug is pulled out from underneath the reader as the story line turns into a bentley little type creepy horror thriller . scott smith cons the audience into thinking this is a mild youthful final fling tale , but soon turns it into a nightmare . the vine seems so innocuous that the audience and the quartet struggle to accept its malevolence yet some how mr. smith makes it seem real which is why readers will want to visit the ruins.harriet klausner
= exciting creepy horror thriller
< creepy horror thriller

> update : to clarify - these cookie are nothing like girl scout cookie thin mints - but they are still pretty good if you like chocolate/mint combinations . the cookie itself if crunchy and chocolatey , while the creme itself is mint flavored . if you 're not a fan of cremes , then this cookie is not for you . if you love oreos and you like minty flavor , then this is a yummy treat ! -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- i think i may have found a decent substitute for my gsc thin mint addiction . i am a huge fan of minty chocolately cookies , and to my surprise , oreo came up with a good solution to my late night cravings : mint oreo fudge cremes . the chocolate cookie is crisp , the oreo filling is creamy and minty , and the chocolate outside is delicious . while they wo n't ever replace the gsc thin mints , these are making their way into my `` special treat '' cabinet that 's away from the kids ! my one gripe - there are n't too many in a box , but i suppose that 's a good thing - i could eat a lot of them . recommended !
= what a treat !
< delicious cookie , but not for you

> with some tips from my daughter 's pediatrician , i successfully used this on my little 11-week-old girl during a sunny vacation at the lake . she was n't out in the sun much and i more or less trust any sunscreen or sunblock on the market , but in this case i was looking for something particularly gentle . this is devoid of a lot of unnecessary fillers , making it great for little babies ' skin . it went on like a lotion , caused no screaming , redness , or irritation , and my daughter 's skin looked great.i liked the simple fact that it worked well in our situation and did so without causing any irritation to gentle baby skin ( despite the fact this has instructions for 6 months and up , hence me talking to the doctor ) . the consistency is wonderful and i found that a little goes a long way . i found it virtually scentless , another good sign.on the down side , looking at the price , some might want to look for cheaper products that probably work about as well.yet i still recommend this product for those looking for something specifically for kids that works . it 's gentle and does the job .
= gentle formula that works
< gentle and gentle

> these envelopes are a standard legal size , no window , security envelope that you do not have to lick in order to seal.they have a self adhesive strip that you fold up part of the envelope to reveal then press the top flap down onto it . this is good for the person who hates licking envelopes , and does n't like the idea of having to peel off a paper label to reveal the glue ( which is extra waste ) .they are not at all see through which is a must when sending checks or other items you may not want to be seen through a standard white envelope.the only drawback i see is some of these envelopes i have found are a little hard to reveal the sticky portion , but it was n't so difficult that i was n't able to use them or that i ripped any in the process.these might not be good if you are mailing over 50 letters at a time as the lifting flap to reveal the gluey part is a little time consuming as compared to licking envelopes or using a hand held envelope moistener . but for the occasional letter or bill these are very nice .
= a good security envelope
< good for the person who hates licking envelopes

> this is a great animal repellent that uses pepper to keep areas safe . it can last up to 30 days depending on your weather . also any digging , watering or anything that disrupts to ground will affect the coverage and duration.it works by affecting the animals sense of smell and taste with hot pepper and by getting it on their skin and in their eyes . in fact , one way to use this to take some table scraps and cover them with it . once that skunk or opossum tastes this hot pepper , it will go elsewhere for it 's next meal . also keep in mind that open sources of water and food are what draw in such animals , so if those are still present , you will get other animals coming to the location.this also works to keep cats from using your flower beds as a bathroom , you can shake it over your birdseed to keep squirrels out as birds ca n't taste hot pepper and it is a non-chemical way to protect your vegetable garden from animals eating your crops .
= good repellent and safe around kids
< great for areas and safe

> the other day a few of my friends and i were debating our favorite variety of hot sauce , since thanks to the era of customized , personalized , individualized products there are more than a few brands and variants . a few years ago , chipolte peppers became the ingredient to put in just about anything from condiments to cans in adobo sauce . as someone who loves tobasco 's chipolte variety and not too long ago bought a jar of raspberry chipolte pepper jam , i was happy to try a bottle of fischer & wesier razzpolte sauce.i tried it using a recipe included on the bottle , using it as a marinade/ wet rub on pork tenderloin to roast it in the oven , though i used it on two thick cut boneless pork loin chops . the sweet and spicy sauce kept the pork moist and made for a quick dinner . the chipolte provides the slow burn and works well against the raspberries and jalape & ntilde ; os . worth a try and quite versatile .
= sweet , smoky , spicey .
< the chipolte provides the slow burn

> this movie involves monsters in the closet , something have been trying to rid our kids minds of for years.thats just stupid.thanks guys for carrying this sick tradition on ! the story is about a whole other world filled with monsters.instead of electricity , theier world runs on screams collected from children at night.are you sure this is disney ? it sounds more like stephen king.the top scream getter , a huge blue with purple polka dots guy accidentaly pulls a little girl back into monster world with him.well in monster world , she is considered toxic.sickisnt it ? so all the government and people are on a manhunt for this helpless three year old girl.so he and his partner decide to save her.that fat guy from the tv show roseanne.they must have payed him good to put up with her all that time.shes one of the top 5 worst people on a tv show ever.i dont think its for kids myself.its not really all that good.theres a cool chamielion whos the bad guy.this movie sucks ! thats the truth .
= boooooooooooooooooooo
< monsters in the closet

> this is a really great coffee that does n't upset my stomach , unlike many robust coffees . the aroma is fantastic and fills the house with that wonderful coffee smell all coffee addicts love first thing in the morning . the flavor is rich , but not over the top or so heavy you have to put a lot of milk to dilute it . my husband loves a really heavy coffee flavor , but i find it overwhelming if it 's too thick , so it was nice to have a rich/robust bean that got along with my taste buds . i plan to look for the whole beans in this brand so i can have that lovely thick aroma permeate my kitchen ! this particular rich aroma reminded me of my grandmother 's house ( a fond memory ) . this low acid coffee is definitely for the coffee drinker who loves a rich , heavy smell but needs something that 's easy on the stomach . perfect blend !
= great flavor
< great aroma , great taste !

> spoilers ... ..many parts of this story are hard to watch -- there 's a brutal hmong gang which does terrible things even to their leader 's own family members . the subject matter is very provocative , as it pertains to a crusty old korean war veteran who must learn to live with his hmong neighbors in the deteriorating suburbs of a michigan city . a young man is burned with a cigarette , and his sister is gang-raped . it ends up in a showdown between eastwood and the dangerous and deadly gang.there is no easy way out of this mess and no clear-cut solution . this is why i call it fearless . there is no totally happy ending here where everyone finally learns to get along and live happily ever after . thank goodness -- we get too much of that dreck already.it 's not easy viewing , but it is worth consideration .
= hard to watch , provocative , and fearless
< a

> this is another smashing spiderman movie.this movie has everything . the special effects are outstanding.alfred molinaplays the role of a scientist who becomes taken over by mechanical arms after a fusion experiment goes awry.he is turned into the evil villain dr. octopus who has four mechanical arms.in the meantime peter parker is having mounting problems.becauseof his superhero career he is having trouble holding down a job . aunt mae is about to be evicted from his home.his heartthrob m.j. ( played by kirsten dunst ) is about to get married.peter parkermakes the decision to retire from crimefighting and just be normal.the retirement is short lived.dr . octopus calls spidermanout of retirement.you also have harry osborne still pursuing spiderman.osborne makes a deal with dr. octopus to capture spiderman.the movie will hold your attention throughout.if youdo n't see another movie this year see this one.i wish i could give it six stars .
= five stars for spiderman !
< another smashing spiderman movie.this movie

> what a rollercoaster ride ! ! this book brought out so many emotions . i was scared and worried . i laughed and cried . i swooned and got mad . i was all over the place ! it as so nice to see these characters ( colton ) grow from a shallow , egotistical rake to an open , loving man and rylee from a broken unfulfilled woman to a beautiful , caring and open spirit . it was beautiful to watch them heal each other . the storyline was fast paced and held my attention . i was glad to see tawny get hers . karma is a bitch . i loved the epilogue . it made me sigh with contentment . this was a fantastic series . it was so satisfying to see the author grow along with her characters . well done ! !
= i ca n't believe it 's over
< wow ! ! !

> i am very pleased with this screen protector . it is very easy to install and also easy to remove . as indicated in the listing for this product , i experienced no bubbles when installing it . the reduction in fingerprints showing is the part i think i like the best . i am very obsessive about wiping the fingerprints off my screen because they bug me a lot ! with this shield i started noticing that i was not having to find a cloth to wipe off the screen . and i do not miss that at all . slight reduction in the distinctness of the screen display but not too bothersome to me . this is a recommend to buy . i really like it and am going to order a few more for my family members .
= one awesome screen protector !
< easy to install , easy to install

> in general , i found the writing choppy and had a hard time getting into the characters . told from the view point of anne , she was a easygoing , easy-to-bully girl who worked hard to support her sister through college . anne met mal , the drummer of stage dive at a party and he without her consent moved in to live with her . to me , their relationship did not go deep , just a lot of joking around . mal was the type that masked his true emotions with jest and as a reader i did not get the feeling that his feelings were sincere . perhaps it would be good to have alternating povs so that we understand what was going on in his mind especially with regards to anne .
= did not seem serious
< not what i expected

> this antiperspirant deodorant is gentle and effective and strong all at the same time . this deodorant enables one to stay dry and confident no matter how high your activity level may be.a common failing of antiperspirant/deodorants is that they do not provide adequate protection for very active people . apply in the morning and feel confident at work all day long ! participate in your extreme sports without worrying about excessive moisture or unappealing body odors.this secret clinical strength is highly effective yet amazingly gentle . the hypoallergenic qualities of this deodorant ensure that you will never have those local red bumps or itchy rashes from other irritating deodorant products ! feel confident and protected with this secret deodorant/antiperspirant ! great for men or women .
= terrific antiperspirant solid
< gentle and effective

> when my daughter saw that i had a can of this to try out , she said , `` oh , you have switch ! '' apparently it 's her school 's answer to soda.i really liked this product . it 's a very small can , but for the same calorie content as a similar amount of soda , one can have a carbonated beverage that does n't have added sugar and has some vitamin benefits as well ( 100 % of vitamin c ) .it was not too sweet , and the flavor was not too strong . normally strawberry kiwi is not my favorite flavor combination , but i 'm glad i tried it . i would definitely try it again .
= delicious !
< great taste , but not too strong

> if you put a bowl of this in front of my dog , he will gobble the whole thing up - he really likes , it . i 'm not too sure that is a good thing as , for example , he usually is a self-regulated eater and eats when he is hungry vs. sitting down to what i would compare in human terms of a bowl of buttery popcorn . i am now only giving him a small portion of this food as a `` treat '' every now and then and have put him back on his normal , healthier dog food .
= dog wolfs this down and need to monitor the intake
< my dog loves it

> i tried this to see if it might be a replacement for my current sugar substitute , splenda . the answer ? definitely not . while it has a very bitter and off-putting taste when tasted on its own , it does n't seem to come through when mixed with coffees or liquids . that said , it was not good with cereals/oatmeal . i will be sticking with spenda .
= i 'll be sticking with splenda .
< not bad with a bitter and off-putting taste

> andrew garfield , emma stone , rhys ifans , denis leary , martin sheenand sally field star in this 2012 action film based on the comic book.a nerdy teen is bit by a super-genetic spider and becomes a hero.i went to see this at the movies and enjoyed it since . this blu-rayset has nice picture and sound plus neat extras . i recommend thisgood comic book adaptation .
= `` good comic book adaptation ! ''
< `` comic book adaptation ! ''

> the taste of the tea is something that grows on you.this low calorie beverage is great to warm you up . it 's also a great way to fill up without eating a fattening snack.at first sip , it may not be your cup of tea , but after awhile , the tea tastes more appealing and is a great alternative to other high calorie beverages and sodas .
= good choice for those on diets
< great taste , great taste

> i 'm looking forward to purchasing these graham crackers . i like the crunchy texture and the hint of apple , cinnamon and oats . not like the last graham cracker i had-i like these much better . my 2 y.o . grandson loved them too . the crackers are thinner than a graham cracker and made from a denser dough imoenjoy i plan to
= the cookie monster !
< great taste

> this book is fantastic , the author did a fantastic job . if you like hot and steamy , like 50 shades , then you will love this book ! ! ! ! i just wish i knew when the next book is coming out . i will forget what this one is about by the time the next one comes out ! ! !
= kate k
< wow ! ! !

> as promised , this dove deodorant is non-irritating , long-lasting , and has a fresh but not overpowering scent . but the package is n't intuitive : the whole bottom ( there 's no knob , and nothing to push up ) has to be twisted to & # 34 ; advance & # 34 ; the product in the package ,
= fresh scent and long lasting , but package needs instructions
< good deodorant

> i confess that i did n't use the recipe on the box , i threw it into a crockpot with some chicken and other stuff . turned out great though -- not too spicy , not a thick , starch-like consistency , and it stuck to the food instead of draining off of it , into a pool on the plate .
= tasty !
< great idea , but not too spicy

> i hesitated reading this for some reason and yet it ended up being a really good book . blue was so lost but is so smart and discovers who she is through her journey . with darcy by her side how could she not have her life come full circle . absolutely worth reading and a definitely 5 stars ! !
= surprising !
< loved it ! !

> newman 's own organics licorice twists have a lot of things going for them - 70 percent organic , with no artificial ingredients . the pomegranate flavor was surprisingly good and , while it had a different consistency from the twizzlers i 'm used to , it was n't a bad change . recommended .
= surprisingly tasty
< surprisingly good

> harry is back in another wild adventure . in this sequel harry , ron and hermonie continue to steal your heart and fill it with magic and wonder . j.k. 's writing is crisp and fresh . this book is definitely for the child in all of us . bravo .
= the adventure continues
< harry is back

> this is a fairly good story , ca n't say that i was overly excited about it . good for a short story , but not all that much substance . i enjoyed reading it , but will be more interested in the next one about elliot !
= kathy
< good story

> love this ... i 'm not sure it charges faster or not ... but it works ! i like that the prongs will retract flat , making it easy to stash away in a small corner of a drawer or your purse .
= amazon kindle charger cube
< great product

> great series . great characters . loved it ! i loved the main characters as well as the supporting characters . pick this up for a fun sexy read . ca n't wait to read more from r.k. lilley
= 4.5 stars
< loved it !

> book 2 was full of excitement and sexy-sweet-sex . cash proved himself fully worthy and this had enough twist to keep you on your toes . great followup .
= loved it
< great book

> sweet story that will draw you in from the beginning . i loved the characters and loved the healing process in the story . definite 5 star !
= loved it
< sweet story

> great read , but a little too short . i wanted more than what i got . good story all together . i liked it very much .
= short and sweet
< great read

> unlike the glossy schoolboy fantasies from outer space that make up a bulk of spielberg 's roster , schindler 's list is a work of unsensational realism , resonating with clever observation from start to finish.when i read the film 's decription , i thought it 'd be a collection of scenes about the holocaust . and i thought , big deal . but the movie has some very vivid , poignant moments . there are enough characters , enough motivations , enough idiosyncrasies to make the screenplay rich enough to keep us always involved . yet , the director does not shy from the humanity of the bad guys and the shortcomings of the good ones.ben kingsley makes for a fabulous fidgety character , ever so worried but in a palpable outwardly manner . liam neeson as the pivot is very convincing . but the cake i feel goes to ralph fiennes who mastered the european accent of english to such perfection that i almost scorned him as a true soldier of the war . his casual demeanor while shooting a couple of workers in the camps from his balcony was a sight to behold.but the most stunning thing about this movie , as it unfolds , is the pang of conscience in a simple man that made all the difference in the lives of so many . the gruesome scenes of the lives lost in the dastardly & quot ; war & quot ; is etched in my memory , and the number of people schindler saved was impressive , but the thing i remember having being touched most by is how such an imperfect man found himself doing something so perfect.all in all , despite the undeservedly featureless dvd that universal has slapped this movie on , it must be a prominent part of every movie collection !
= conscience : that slender emotion that makes us the same
< the best spielberg movie of the year !

> mark haddon has written a moving novel about love and bravery through the eyes of a british autistic boy . christopher discovers his neighbor 's poodle dead , impaled by a pitchfork , and , because he adores puzzles , he sets out to solve the mystery of who killed wellington . but christopher is autistic , a boy who does n't like to be touched and can not decipher emotions beyond the tools his teacher has taught him , and so the task requires the huge effort of testing rules and facing his own fears . a literalist by neurology , he deconstructs life into a set of mathematical equations and physical laws . this unique perspective makes him a good detective on one level , where clues and logic rule , but it also fails him on another , higher one because he can not understand the magnitude of what he uncovers.that haddon was able to write a book from christopher 's point of view with all his quirks and still make him lovable is extraordinary . by necessity , the writing is simple and unadorned , but the language of details elevates it from the mundane . the insertion of mathematical puzzles and drawings add to the reader 's understanding of how christopher 's mind works . haddon 's real skill is an understatement that allows the reader to comprehend what is going on even if christopher can not . although christopher can not grasp subtlety and nuances , the reader can , and that 's where the true force of this exceptional novel lies.this short , easy to read book can be completed in a couple of sittings , although its impact will last much longer . highly recommended for a general readership .
= an amazing fictional leap
< a exceptional novel about love and bravery

> this product claims , as do all the new ones out now , to have a clinical protection levels for perspiration or odor . first i was surprised that this ` clinical ' product has the same active ingredient as my normal antiperspirant & deodorant . the active ingredient in this product is aluminum zirconium tetrachlorohydrex gly at 20 % where as my normal brand has 18.5 % , and many other brands , contains 17.6 % . it has a scent that is gender neutral . in my case it does last a while once applied and does still seem to be active after a shower . the application device is designed to allow a measured amount to be used . by turning a knob you push up a predetermine amount of the compound . so you are always suppose to be applying the correct amount ; but i found two clicks as directed is too much product . with this kind of dispenser the antiperspirant can be applied evenly without any clumping because of the cream form . the cream does take some getting use too , but i felt like it never really dried completely . and i did as instructed , applied it before going to sleep and it worked all the next day . you can also apply it normally after you wake up , but is works fine as described.the recommended measured dispensing makes this product twice as expensive per ounce as the normal product with the same active ingredient but does not need to be applied as often . you have to decide if this cost verse benefit is worth it .
= works but expensive
< works well , but not as good as the new brand

> i am a huge johnny cash fan and have been since i was a little kid . i must say that when i heard joaquin pheonix was going to play johnny cash i was skepticle . but then i saw a preview and thought , `` you know except for being tall enough he has the mannerisms down and i think he can pull this off . '' i hate reese witherspoon in most of her films so that kind of was bad for me too . but i decided to go see it and i was blown away . first both did their own singing and did a good job . i think it might have been top notch if they would have used john and junes real voices but you ca n't complain on the out come of them doing their own . the story is also excellent and heartwarming . it has funny moments and also very sad moments . it also shows the downside of showbiz and drug addiction . but it also is inspriring in the story of june and john 's love . also robert patrick was excellent as johnny 's father ray cash and it really showed patrick as a very good actor . the story of john and his fathers tension and then finally them declaring a truce and almost reconciling later in life was also heartwarming.this is a very good movie . even if you are not a johnny cash or country music fan you should watch it . its just good filmaking .
= because your mine ...
< a very good movie

> this is a fabulous , fabulous book ! loved it ! brilliant story ! though it is heartbreaking to read , it is so moving and it is so full of hope . kudos for writing such a tragic and hopeful love story.this is the second book in the series and it picks up shortly where the first book left off . this book clearly details clay 's struggle to overcome his mental health issues and his fight to be the man that he wishes to be for maggie.what i loved about this book is that it is so realistic and believable ; you can so clearly empathize with what he is going through , the book does n't shy away or makes light of his plight.at the heart of this book is a romance story as the characters are in love and want to make their relationship work ; however they know their weaknesses and limitations.the best part of the story is the epilogue ! yeah ! it was what i wanted to see and read ! yeah for clay and maggie , for all their hopes and struggles and for surviving the odds !
= a beautifully written tragic , yet hopeful love story ! ! loved it !
< brilliant !

> we 've all done it : opened a package of cookies or other snacks , intending to eat a reasonable amount while working , reading , or watching tv , and realized too late that we 've eaten a large portion of , if not the whole box , which has a reasonable calorie count until you realize that there are a dozen `` servings '' ( as listed in the `` nutrition facts '' ) in the box . nabisco makes this gluttony more difficult , placing two 50-calorie cookies in each packet.the apple-cinnamon cookies are tasty , but not overly sweet , and nabisco keeps the calorie count down but preserve their appeal by limiting the amount of filling yet ensuring there 's some in each bite.with several sweeteners ( none are artificial ) and no nutrients to speak of other than carbohydrate , it 's hard to tout this as a healthy snack , but i 'd say it 's not an unhealthy one , particularly if the packet is a day 's serving .
= the cookie to eat if you 're going to eat cookies
< tasty , but not an healthy snack

> these are n't your grandmother 's ginger snaps . newman 's own has created a ginger snap that packs a real kick . the small ( silver dollar sized ) organic ( organic unbleached flour and organic sugar ) crisp cookies contain not only ginger as an ingredient , but also have tiny pieces of candied chewy ginger bits that give the cookies an overpowering ginger flavor that borders on `` spicy , '' and tingles the tongue . some of my children liked them ; others did not.ginger-lovers will certainly like the cookies . those who do not like ginger will want to stay away from them . ideally , these are best served with milk ( to counteract the spicy ginger ) or with tea or coffee ( for dipping ) .the cookies in our bag were a tad bit overdone , almost burned . it may be a `` family recipe , '' but i think i prefer chocolate chip , oatmeal , peanut butter , snicker doodles , or molasses cookies to these .
= ginger snaps with a kick
< ginger snap on ginger

> abby and jack were best friends in high school . though there was mutual attraction , it was purely a platonic relationship . an `` almost '' situation had abby leaving ny abruptly . she ended up in the south where she trained and became a minister . after committing a `` crime '' against the church she returned to ny on sabbatical while riddled with huge student loan . meanwhile , jack a self made millionaire artist creating and selling provocative art offered abby a job working for him . i was wrapped up by the sensuality oozing between abby and jack where art is a form of foreplay . i was also very touched by abby 's steadfast love for jack and she loved him for better or for worse . my only complaint was that abby ( written from her pov ) did not sound like someone who was in ministry but rather a simple young woman . i would definitely read another adult novel by ella steele .
= scandalous oozes sensuality
< another great adult novel

> every artist needs these terrific scotch reusable tabs which stick wonderfully for `` lightweight mounting '' and remove themselves from any surface rapidly and without leaving any ugly residue.you can stick the preliminary sketches of your latest creation on the wall for reference as you draw with these 1 '' square nifty stickies , but what i really need them for most of all is to adhere the descriptive labels that go next to one 's pictures when showing them in various venues and on various surfaces . many galleries use the putty stuff ( messy ) , and others fold a piece of masking tape into a loop ( bulky ) .the perfect solution are these reusable tabs , and i have yet to find the point where they are no longer `` reusable . '' so far so good , and as scotch makes the very best double stick tape , they have also invented the very best stickies .
= the nifty sticky
< great for `` lightweight '' labels

> after tasting izze sparkling juice , it has become a daily companion to my gym , makes me feel very refreshing after a gym workout - it has the natural taste of green apples + only 90 calories and no added flavors or sugars so i do not have to worry about adding too many calories , but yet feel reenergized.when compared to competing products - i think izze is definitely more flavor and freshness packed without any added sugars/flavors.i tried 2 other flavors- grapefruit : very nice fresh flavor and tastes as good as eating a fresh grapefruit- pomegranate - avoid this , did not taste like pomegranate and do not even know why would they call it pomegrante when it has juices from apple , white grapes , pineapple , lemon , cranberry - they are better off calling this a juice cocktail and it really tastes like some tonic .
= natural taste of green apple and very refreshing
< refreshing , refreshing , and tastes like some tonic

> i happen to have a very full weekday schedule and go from early yoga to a 12 hour work day . no locker rooms , no showers . these wipes are ideal for staying clean after working out when you have no place to shower.one wipe keeps me clean and fresh . they are very mild and even with sensitive skin , i 've had no reactions.i also use these to avoid overshowering . i have dry skin and use thse wipes for between shower days . i always feel clean . my plan is to buy more and keep them at work and in my gym bag . this is a product that meets my needs exactly ; that does n't happen so often ! i highly recommend these wipes for on the go hygiene . they allow me to keep a full athletic life without interfering with my work hours .
= essential for the the workout to work place transition !
< great for sensitive skin

> this is a very simple story about santiago , an andalusian shepherd boy who dreams of a treasure under the egyptian pyramids . after meeting a strange old man and a gypsy fortuneteller , santiago sets out for egypt determined to find his treasure . along the way , he learns spiritual lessons from an algerian shopkeeper , an english scholar , and finally the eponymous alchemist.i am a fan of deep , complicated characters , and this book has none ( at all ) . it 's like a self-help book turned into a story , and i 'm sure many people will find it deeply moving ... ... until the next fad comes along . ( jonathan livingston seagull , prayer of jabez , chicken soup for the soul , the secret , etc . ) i will be really surprised if this book has any staying power .
= not my cup of tea
< a very simple story

> i pack school lunches for our kids every day , and i work hard to keep their diets healthy . i 'm always looking for something new and interesting to keep lunch time from getting boring and routine . i do n't like buying juice boxes because of the sugar content , so that leaves plain water , boxes of milk , coconut water , or flavored waters.i found these switch sparking juice drinks by accident , and ordered several flavors . the kids like them because they are carbonated and have fruit flavor . i like them because they do n't contain sugar , hfcs or artificial sweeteners . they 're the perfect size for a meal , and have a shelf life of six months . with prime shipping , these are a decent priced alternative to sugary drinks .
= i love this product - so much better than soda
< good alternative to sugary drinks

> when sydney sits out on her balcony listening to the guy across the complex play his guitar she never expected to become friends with him , but when ridge takes the first step sydney ca n't say no . when ridge 's writing block is more than he can take , he sees sydney singing to his guitar riff and he has to know her words.when syd finds out that her boyfriend has been sleeping with her roommate/best friend she is left homeless , friendless and alone . ridge sends his roommate bridgette out to retrieve her . they find that they write music for ridges brothers band , but when to many feelings and emotions get involved they have no choice but to separate . will sydney ever get her maybe someday with ridge ?
= i am in love ! !
< another great book from sydney

> such a good book . had my attention from the very beginning . the way peter and sydney meet for the first time is great ! peter is the hot and sexy college professor . sydney is his teachers assistant . neither of them know this when they first meet and the chemistry is unbelievable . sydney has a past she is running from and fears being close to anyone . but from the first moment she meets peter , she feels comfortable with him and is n't afraid for the first time . problem is , students are not supposed to see professors . can not wait to see where this story takes us in the next book and what happens when sydney 's past comes to her futures .
= great book
< loved it !

> i tried this myself then left it out with some other sunscreens during a party . most users did not even notice that it was supposed to be cooling until i asked them about it . some said it did feel good on their hot shoulders , but that the cool did not last after the initial application . i agree . it feels good at first and works well as a general sunscreen . but of the three i put out ( this , banana boat protect and hydrate sunscreen lotion spf 15 , 6 ounceand a spray sunscreen , this was the least re-applied . the spray was the favorite as we all preferred the ease of use .
= nice , but the cool is n't long lasting
< works well

> from time to time , i have taken supplements to help my vision . i want to try to prevent my eyesight from getting any worse so i am open to trying what the fda does n't want you to know it works . a few months ago my eyes would get tried after the long work days so i was thinking of getting something for my eyes again as i do not want to get a new pair of glasses yet . i tried these and my vision is doing well , even after a long day . while i can not say these helped for certain , i am glad my eyes are doing a little better .
= i am glad my eyes are doing a little better
< works great

> edward norton is an absolutely brilliant actor and he 's also very nice on the eyes . to be honest , i did n't really like this movie , apart from norton 's acting . i just found that the movie dragged on and on . when the movie ended i had to shake my head because there was such a plot twist at the end and i did n't see it coming at all . that part was so well done . it 's too bad that the rest of the film was n't as interesting . it 's not a perfect film but it is intriguing enough to have you watching the whole film .
= intriguing
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> huggies are one of the premium diaper brands and you can tell why - they keep the stuff that should stay in the diaper , in the diaper . we have four kids , 8 , 6 , 4 , and 1 and you learn , as a parent , what is going to happen when you buy cheap boxes of diapers , every few days you have a mess on your hands , or the diaper does n't make it through the night and soaks through . we have a very active 18 month old and these movers offer a lot of coverage and protection . she likes them , and so do we .
= for toddlers on the move
< huggies are one of the best

> you 're having a quiet , pleasant night , driving your taxi in los angeles . you just delivered an especially pleasant fare . then , to disrupt your evening , an ax murderer asks for a ride ! that 'll change your evening in a hurry.well , in collateral , there is no ax murderer , but tom cruise is a contract killer with a list of people to dispatch before dawn . jamie foxx is the low-key driver , who ca n't find a way to escape without causing more collateral damage.what is a taxi driver to do ? great acting by both of these actors , especially foxx .
= exciting , riveting thriller !
< great acting , great acting , great acting , great acting

> at least i know what i like . buying a new dog food can be tricky for man 's best friend . i ca n't tell you how many times i 've brought something home for the 4th member of our family , and although initial excitement was encouraging , it soon waned . so i was tentative to try purina beneful , as let 's face it , it kinda resides on the costly end of the spectrum.could n't be happier ! or should i say bonzo could n't be happier ! now on his third bag in a row . looks like this one 's a keeper !
= dog food is trickier than human food
< a !

> wow , i was blown away by this movie . it was all it was billed to be and more . jackman and bale are great , they have amazing chemistry , you can feel the loathing and admiration between the two of them , the hate each other , yet are drawn together by their love of magic and one uping and humilating the other . this movie is good from start to finish and the twist at the end is fantastic , im not sure the best man won , but you can judge for yourself . highly recommended : great movie .
= prestige indeed
< great movie

> i used this product in school with my students , using them to label their review folders front and back with their names . the labels read clearly with students using a variety of writing utensils to label them with names and since there were several different colors , they could be organized that way . we did not have any problems with labels falling off , peeling away , or fading , and that was after several months of being used by 100 ninth grade students . that durability is pretty much the highest recommendation i can give !
= good purchase
< great for students

> i had heard so much on these books and it seemed there were alot of mixed feelings about it . so i decided to keep an open mind . i loved these books so much , i ended up reading them a second time . the storyline is great and explains why people are the way they are and it is a good love story to top it off . i would recommend reading it for yourself and decide .
= wow !
< loved it !

> this is a nice set of measuring cups . the cups are sturdy , and they have a nice brushed silver finish . i like that they can handle various temperatures . if i need a cup of boiling water i can pour it right from the kettle into the measuring cup . these look nice , and i can stick them in the dishwasher for easy cleanup . i 'm pleased .
= nice set of measuring cups
< nice set of measuring cups

> my nephews who are 6,4 and 2 love this . my husband who is n't really into fruit juice likes it . he even mixes it with his beer now . izzy 's blackberry drink is fantastic . it is only 90 calories , tastes refreshing and delicious . it is wonderful over ice or right out of the can . this will be a newly house stocked favorite .
= ca n't get enough
< my nephews who are 6,4

> this is a great cup of coffee , never bitter.i like the fact it is also sustainable too . ( fair trade ) i would buy this product again and again.it has a full bodied taste that goes well with breakfast or after dinner with friends.highly recommended .
= awesome full bodied coffee
< great taste

> this movie puts you smack dab in the middle of battle to save the crew of a downed helicopter . it 's riveting and horrific at the same time . a very well done , and engaging film .
= smack dab in the middle
< a very good movie

> a fun and charming read . nothing unexpected , very little drama . at times though , lucas ' demanding ways was too much . a nice break from other drama filled series .
= a fun read
< fun and charming

> never know who is gon na move in next door to you glad it turned out for the better . everyone need a little happy in there life waiting for book 2
= loved it
< love it

> such a sweet story ! the characters are great and you are immediately wanting them to be together . i read it in one sitting . loved it ! ! !
= loved it ! ! !
< loved it ! ! !

> a love story of two people with different emotional struggles . can they make a relationship work ? can jesse heal his injuries and nikki get past her emotional past ?
= a true love story
< love it

> bruce willis is back doing what he does best : action-comedy . the movie opens with willis getting up as the clock turns to 6:00 am with no alarm . this quick opening scene shows us his orderly life . he rips up his retirement checks just so he can talk to a woman in kansas city on the phone , whom he has not met , but has a fascination . played by marie-louise parker she also writes bad spy romances which willis reads . as willis gets up too early , his sixth sense is working , a group of men attempt to kill him . he heads to kc and kidnaps his would-be gf . as it turns out the cia is trying to kill him for something that happened in guatemala in 1981. the bulk of the movie is to figure out why and to stop it before they get killed.the dialouge has a dry wit to it . for example when willis takes a bullet : parker : `` this is bad . `` willis : `` people get shot all the time . `` parker : `` no they do n't . they normally get paper cuts . `` malkovich : `` i normally get shot . `` the film moves at a good pace and really gets fun when malkovich shows up . john was a former cia operative who was given lsd everyday for 11 years . he is quirky and paranoid.ernest borgnine : plays a cia records keeper.karl urban : cia agent hunting willis.morgan freeman : former cia agent , part of willis ' group.helen mirren : also a former `` wet '' agent . retired and complex . she enjoys baking , arranging flowers , and killing.richard dreyfuss shows up near the end as a bad guy arms dealer.as in most modern action films , impossible things happen . but then that is what makes them fun to watch and we all expect it from a willis film .
= willis is back in the saddle again
< bruce willis is back

> everything i want in a sunscreen . my experience after two uses prior to day long outings in the sun . . .firstly , the fragrance right out of the bottle . this product is purported to be fragrance free . it is , sort of . however with any chemical , there is almost always some kind of odor . the odor here is fresh and clean , though very mild and dissipates soon after application.as a moisturizer/hydrator , i expected a greasy feel . no problem . this banana boat has a nice light water based feel that , again , seems to disappear soon after application . the only way that i even knew i had it on was when forehead sweat dripped down into my eyes , i could tell that i had used the sunscreen ( slight irritation and feel of oiliness ) . on one outing , a day long motorcycle ride , i had some residual irritation and slight swelling around my eyes the next day , but i really suspect hay fever allergy rather than the sunscreen . but in the future i 'll use a headband or towel my face off to keep this stuff out of my eyes . as far as the hydrating , next day results were all i could ask for . no dryness and the treated skin indeed felt fully hydrated and smooth.protection . no redness or burning . this spf30 lotion worked just like it is supposed to.in conclusion - i have always preferred banana boat sunscreen products . i consistently like their fragrances , feel , and protection . this banana boat protect and hydrate brings on a new element of hydrating . and it works ! just an excellent product that provides exactly what i want in an ideal sunscreen product .
= excellent : protection , feel , fragrance
< excellent sunscreen

> with the decision to marry finally settled , bella and edward can plan their lives together and bizarreness ( even for vampires ! ) ensues . ***spoilers abound***review : for about the first half of this book , i was completely confused about why all the breaking dawn haters were giving this latest book from meyer such a hard time . okay , i was a bit bummed that edward and bella got married so fast - i was totally on board with the vision of them going to college together and all that good stuff . and i was even a little bitter that bella got pregnant right away . it through me to have a portion of the book written from jacob 's point of view , but i eventually grew okay with that as well . i was still on board . however , all of my general good feelings plummeted around page 375 when bella is changed into a vampire and everything went down hill on a burning sleigh of doom . it seemed to me that it was similar to in some sit-coms - there 's all this romantic tension between two actors , when they get together , the tension is gone , and you realize it was much better when there was all that tension . pfft . when there was all the tension between edward and bella because of her humanness i liked the two of them much better than i did once that tension was lifted . and do n't even get me started on the bizarrely named half vampire baby . sorry mrs. meyer , i just could n't stay on board with this one .
= good start , horrific middle to end
< i was not sure i was expecting to like this book .

> i 'm amazed that so many people decided to review this movie . i do n't know that it warrants that much scrutiny , possible praise , or well deserved condemnation . for me , there was n't much to generate an opinion in the first place . it 's an ambitious , spiritless , cgi-fest stretched beyond all endurance . that it took four people to pen the screenplay says a lot about the way the story meanders aimlessly , employing the ` stacked deck ' theory of writing , until it finally fizzles with a whimper of an ending . the other part of the problem is deciding which lead actress to blame for an outstanding show of mediocrity . most of charlize theron 's performance is due to special effects and a great deal of posing , otherwise she only hit two notes , screeching ineffectively and just standing there trying to look pretty . kristen stewart , on the other hand , did nothing to inspire that much devotion , she is simply incapable of emoting with any amount of credibility . that they are planning a sequel with her in the starring role begs the question why . this movie already took forever to leave out the happily ever after finale , what more to the story can they add , a secret sister with a grudge , planning to take over with theron failed ? it should be noted that chris hemsworth did most of the heavy lifting in this epic ; otherwise , it 's just a dreary mess.ca n't hate it , do n't like it ... ... ... ..eh .
= `` magic comes at a lofty price . ''
< i

> this product comes wrapped in plastic wrap but no instructions . it has a pleasant scent , but it is really just oil , and if you want to revitalize your scalp , oil can irritate , especially if it has a scent or other additives.it took a while to review , because this product comes with no directions . do i wash my hair , add it to my scalp , and if so , how much ? how many drops do i use ? in absence of instructions , i washed my hair as usual ( i have semi-dry color-treated hair ) , and after the shampoo cycle added some to my scalp . instantly , i could feel the moist oily feel this product left on my scalp.so , i proceeded , added conditioner and dried ( i air-dry since my scalp is sensitive ) .almost immediately , i noticed a problem . my hands came away oily from my scalp , not good , and not attractive . also , my scalp felt irritated by the oils and perfume . not good . i went home and rinsed my hair out completely but unfortunately , the greasy oil remained , and i could feel the prickling of scalp irritation . whatever ingredients are in this product , my scalp did not feel revitalized or moisturized and my hair looks greasy like i have n't washed it in days.i 'm disappointed . perhaps better instructions and a product guide would be useful . i ca n't say however , that my scalp is anything but irritated and not attractive after using this .
= bad hair for days , plus irritated scalp
< not good for my scalp

> we live in the high desert in south cal . because of the altitude and dryness , the sun is pretty intense . you can a sunburn quicker and more painful than you would on the beach . when through into the mix that my wife is allergic to a number of perfumes , facial creams and host of chemicals , it makes it a little difficult to find a sunscreen that works and will not irritate . so , when this became available on the vine and was considered pediatric safe , we ordered a sample . my wife thinks this is a great product . it goes on smoothly and does n't leave a greasy/slippery feel . also , she does n't go around smelling like a coconut or banana . i like coconuts and bananas , but for some strange reason she does n't want to go around smelling like one ... go figure . bottom line , the product works for her and she 's happy . it appears to work well on that sensitive area ... the nose . her nose always ... always burns ... during the summer , she always looks like she 's competing with rudolph ... so far ... rudolph is far ahead in the red nose race ... good for her ... .good for me .
= great product
< great for the beach

> batman is more a tim burton movie than a comic book adaptation . gotham city is clearly a creation of the artist who will build the world of edward scissorhands one year later.the problem with michael batman keaton is that he is able to be himself only when he 's disguised as a bat or hidden in his steeled batcar . he has to wear a mask to protect his face . the joker , on the contrary , does n't have a mask ; in fact , his face is already a mask . he loves to work on raw material ( pitiful jerry hall ! ) or poison cosmetic articles in order to recreate his satanic smile on his victim 's faces.batman is a movie which has to be appreciated for a lot of reasons . it 's a really good entertainment , the cinematography is great and full of visual ideas , the story can be read at different levels and , last but not least , the musical score will stay as one of the all-time best.too bad there are no special features to be remembered of.a dvd zone twilight .
= bat , bat , bat , batman , man , man , man
< batman is more a tim burton movie

> if one alien was scary , how about hundreds ! the first film was definitely sci-fi/horror ; this sequel is a sci-fi/action flick without the heart and soul of the original . here , it 's less about the people , more about the body count and the battles . few characters stand out or are memorable . in one scene they 're so rapidly diminished it 's impossible to keep up with the tally or to notice who was now missing/gone for good . only sigourney weaver ( ripley ) and carrie henn ( newt ) reach any level of believable emotion . bill paxton 's comic turn as private hudson stood out only because he was allowed to carry on in a frightfully hammy way , all teeth and wild eyes . loud may get you noticed but it does n't necessarily mean you 're any better at acting than a two year old throwing a fit . what propelled this film forward was the imminent sense of danger and breakneck speed of all the action sequences . i like this movie , but i love the first .
= `` go to sleep ... ... ... ... ..and do n't dream . ''
< i love this movie

> wow ... # 1 of a brave book series ... read with an open mind = ) this was the first book i had ever read of the so called dark/erotica genre and i was absolutely blown away that this was a debut book and that it was so well written . make no mistake , it was at times very uncomfortable to read and thankfully i was alone with my kindle when i did . i felt at times almost guilty for actually enjoying this book as much as i did , since the problem of kidnapping/sexual slavery does exist in the world ... but i had to remind myself this was fiction and the story was as unique and compelling as it was shocking to read.i bought the next two books in the series as well because i just had to find out how it all played out . i really liked roberts way with words and she never once took the safe route with her story.scary , sexy , gutsy book series . *****5***** stars
= read with an open mind = )
< review : the series ...

> i worked in the emergency medical field for many years and when ambien came out on the market , my doctor put me on it . i generally hate taking medication but ambien was a godsend . working shift work , my sleep was always disturbed and ambien helped me fall asleep after night work and stay asleep most of the day ( i 'm a very light sleeper . ) years later , i still take ambien but only if i 'm lying in bed and ca n't fall asleep after an hour or so.i started taking magmind and have to after only a few days , i notice that my winter blah seems to be winter `` ah-ha '' and i can read a book without getting distracted . the greatest benefit for me though , is when i climb into bed , i fall asleep in about 15 minutes and when i wake up in the morning , am excited to jump out of bed to start my day . highly recommend !
= from winter blah to winter aha !
< works well , but i 'm a godsend !

> most people know the plot of h.g . well 's novel and the original sci fi movie classic . the new war of the worlds is extremely impressive . it was much better than i expected it to be . watching the events unfold , you feel as if you were there . the special effects are the best i have seen in any movie . tom cruise is a great actor . with the combination of superlative special effects , directing , sound , and acting , you feel every emotion that tom cruise 's character feels.war of the worlds is best viewed on the biggest screen possible , with surround sound.i would give it five stars , but towards the end , the story gets very thin . our view and understanding of aliens has evolved so much since the original radio broadcast , that there could have been a better reason for the aliens wanting to take over the earth and to kill humans .
= riveting remake
< the best of the original

> the 'scotch adhesive dot roller ' is a handy device to have lying around your house . it 's compact , easy to use , and comfortable to the hand . most recently , we used it to wrap birthday gifts , but you could use it for scrapbooking , yearbook photos , school projects , sewing patterns ... the possibilities are endless with this photo-safe dot roller.the birthday gifts we used this on turned out fantastic . the wrapping almost seemed professional -- no tape whatsoever ! it did n't take long to use at all and on a hard surface , the dot roller did it 's job nicely . good news for those who run out of dot roller paper -- refills are affordable and easy to install.overall , this is a handy device that anyone who 's ever needed to use glue before should get their hands on !
= handy device !
< handy , easy to use , and comfortable !

> i suppose if you regularly buy bottled water or energy drinks , this would be a good alternative . but for us , we do n't buy bottled water because it 's expensive and not environmentally friendly.i think it would be cheaper and more effective to just use your regular bottled water that does n't have an odd aftertaste , and take a caffeine pill . they make a very inexpensive brand with like 20 pills called `` stay awake '' that would last you longer and cost less than this product.but i suppose if you want to shell out more money for i suppose what might be a slight convenience , then this product might be good for you . personally , i 'll just continue to take my 32oz nalgene water bottle with me everywhere and take a caffeine supplement if i need it .
= i do n't see the appeal ...
< not for me

> this year i only had one thing i planted from seeds actually grow at all , so i decided to give the groables salad and herb kit a shot at saving my attempt at a garden . these pods are very easy to plant , just place in the soil with the top flush with the surface of the soil , and water daily . all of these plants had germination time frames included and so far all of my plants have sprouted within the time frame and have skyrocketed . once they have been growing for two weeks the package recommends removing all but one seedling and we are just about at that point.after my experience so far i would recommend this system hands down for the gardening-impaired and those looking for the easy way out .
= making my black thumb green
< easy to plant , easy to plant

> if you are a fan of the drink to go packets that you add to a water bottle , you will love these . they come in a couple different flavors and are a nice to change up to the old routine . the honey , strawberry acai is tasty . quite different than several of the other packets i 've tried . if you are looking for a way to drink more water without the caffeine , these are terrific . many of the tea varieties of other brands contain caffeince , but these are decaf . they do contain some artificial sweetner which i would prefer to not have , but the flavor does n't have a strong aftertaste and it does limit the calories . i would definitely recommend giving these a try .
= nice taste , very portable
< tasty and tasty

> so i bought this on a gold box whim for mrs. spudman expecting this stylus to be just like every other stylus . she thought the same thing and could n't understand why i 'd bought another stylus . a minute after she tried her new stylus on her kindle fire , she asked me to compare the new stylus to her generic stylus . wow ! i never could have imagined there 's be such a difference . the generic stylus dragged across the screen . the marware stylus glided across the screen like ice skates on ice . it also works nicely on my marquis pad for which a stylus is not recommended.bottom line - a good product that 's worth the money .
= style us in fuscia
< good stylus , but not a good product

> oreo mint fudge cremes are a good cookie in a pinch , but they are no thin mints . the consistency of the mint creme is sorta weird . it is thick but not too overpowering in mint flavor , but it is overpowering enough that you do n't really taste the fudge coating on the cookie . the best thing about the cookie was that it was n't too sweet . again , they 'll do in a crunch but i would n't finish a box in one sitting ... not that i would do that anyway ... that would be all sorts of un-good .
= not as good as thin mints .
< good cookie in a pinch

> i tried three different varieties of switch and this was the only one that i liked . and i loved it . very yummy , very rich cherry flavor . i love the fact that it has no artificial anything in it , so it 's just bubbly juice . it 's a nice mix between syrupy like a pop and yet still refreshing , unlike a pop . i highly recommend this one , even if you do n't like cherry ! i 'm not a huge cherry fan myself , but the black cherry flavor is really wonderful !
= very cherry , yummy and healthy drink !
< yummy !

> this third story in the sea breeze series is not my favorite ; although , i will admit , that the farther i got into the story and cage 's background , the more i warmed up to him . it was a good story , and , as always , abbi glines ' character development is stellar . nice to see low ( and marcus ) make an appearance as her character is so closely entwined with cage 's ... nice to know they retain their best friend status ' which was so important to the second book .
= while it lasts - sea breeze 3
< good story

> i re-read this book about every year to year and a half . that 's how great it is . i 've included this book with kerouac 's on the road , kafka 's work , and many other works that have had huge influence on me . everything about the book is great , the voice matheson uses , great plot ( ahead of his time using science as an explanation for vampires ) , believable characters , and a good ending , with one of the best last lines i 've ever read .
= a classic and the best vampire tale written
< great book , great plot , great plot

> at first sip i thought this was the best tea i 've tasted in awhile . but the more i drank , the odder the taste got . it 's a green tea for sure , but there are herbals in this blend that are just a bit off-tasting . they just do n't sink up . maybe there 's too much bergamot ( ? ) i just ca n't drink it much at all now . i can stand it better cold so i may finish the box that way .
= on the fence with this flavor
< not bad

> i use decaf illy coffee for my morning cup of coffee and love it . it costs a little more , but is very worth it . as far as the espresso drink ... not for me . i tend to like lattes or cappuccinos -- something with more milk/cream . this was too strong for me . my son tried it however , and loved it . if you like espresso in general , then i think you will love this product .
= love illy
< good coffee

> who does n't love rush ! that man is seriously intense , completely swoon worthy and loves blaire with every part of his heart . this series is amazing ! i loved getting his side of the story and learning how he felt at times made me love him that much more . he seriously is a wonderful character . i normally do n't like when authors do second books in the male pov but this one may have changed my mind !
= this just fueled my rush crush !
< love rush !

> treasure your love was not at all what i imagined the ending of this series would be . i liked it , though not nearly as much as i enjoyed the first two books . while this is the end of this series , reed does say that this will not be the end of their story . i will be interested to see how their love and relationship progress in future books .
= not at all what i expected !
< treasure your love

> i really liked these . they are creamy and smooth . the chocolate is melty and the caramel mixes perfectly.the best part of this candy , in the spirit of the original werther 's caramels , they are the perfect size for a quick taste of sweet when you need it . a good size to put in my pocket book , stash in the car or sneak after dinner .
= yummy !
< great taste

> the mint version of these cookies is yummy , but be forewarned -- the flavor is more like dinner mints than mint girl scout cookies . in other words , it 's pretty intense . i know from experience that younger kids often do n't like a really sharp mint flavor . but for grown-ops . . . .nice !
= more for adults than kids
< yummy !

> love it , love it , love it ! what more can i say except rush finlay ? that man can go all caveman on me any day ! i 'm glad they got there hea ! nan needs to grow up or get beat down ! i 'm looking forward to grant 's book !
= love me some rush !
< rush finlay !

> this was such an emotional rollercoaster and there were times i was laughing and crying at the same time . i wanted to yell at keira for being such a idiot and for hurting both kellen and denny . i was like make a decision and go with it but she would n't !
= wow ! amazing book
< wow !

> i purchased this book on a whim and omg it was absolutely amazing and addicting . that 's the only way it could be described . i can not wait for march to get here ! ! ! i need more rush and blaire in my life stat ! ! ! !
= wow ! ! ! ! ! !
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> this was decent . it got into the character some more , but the plot was fairly predictable . the graphics were pretty good and the acting was okay . would recommend only if you had seen the first one and want to see the sequal .
= decent
< decent

> when you have a summer house on the lake sometimes you form a lasting friendship . rafe and brooke were friends when they were younger and boy oh boy do they ever awaken that friendship .
= hot hot hot
< love it

> this series leaves me wanting more and more . can not get enough of avery and sean ! highly recommended for everyone h m ward is amazing !
= amazing
< love it !

> my children are 5 and 2 , and spring 's `` from seed '' project did n't go so well . we planted a good variety of things - herbs and veggies - and very few of them made it . this is mostly due to some uncharacteristically hot weather when we went away for a weekend in june.when i saw this , i thought it was perfect to try again . we had gotten through some very hot july weather in boston ( lots of high 80s and super muggy days ) and felt that it would be ok to give these a go in august so that the kids might achieve some yield before the colder fall weather.they arrived tucked into a cardboard holder , and we went out and loosened some soil in a couple of areas that had the perfect amount of sunlight ( there are unfolding directions printed on the pull-off tops for each ) . it tells you how far apart to plant them as well.the kids took turns pushing the pods into the loosened soil , then we did a full watering . truth be told , they did a little too much watering in one section . they 've continued to water them every day , though we have missed a few days here and there . so far , we have sprouts in 15 of the 18 pods . the kids are so excited ! every day when we get home they run to the back yard to see how much bigger they are . once they are all big enough to really distinguish , i 'll update this review with what did well and what did not.very happy with this set as it has helped me to explain what plants need to grow , and the importance of nutrients and water . the kids ca n't wait until they can eat the food they 've grown .
= experiment with my children
< great for kids !

> rule # 1 children do not belong in film noir.while most classic black & white film noirs are about a single man in a big city or country-side mixed up in something they ca n't get out of , this modern film noir tries something different.it 's black & white , but uses the green screen for computer-generated locations to give it that comic book look . as with the filmsrumble fish ( special edition ) ( 1983 ) , schindler 's list ( widescreen edition ) ( 1993 ) andpleasantville ( new line platinum series ) ( 1998 ) , their is a a splash of color from time to time , mostly blood red in this one.this film is based on frank miller 's adult graphic novels so this film is not for children to see . contains violence and nudity.bruce willis begins the film as `` hartigan '' .mickey rourke returns to the silver screen . in real-life , micky rourke 's face was disfigured by his time of boxing after he quit acting . his face has since been reconstructed and the muscles are really his . rourke did wear some rubber make-up in the film.clive owen looks the `` bond '' type in this role minus tuxedo.benicio del toro 's face and body has filled out since his days oflicence to kill ( 1989 ) . in sin city , he plays `` jackie boy '' .elijah wood shows off his karate moves . powers booth plays `` senator roark '' . rutger hauer ( blade runner [ 1982 ] ) is `` cardinal roark '' josh hartnett ( halloween h2o [ 1998 ] ) also makes a couple appearances.michael madsen who we have seen indie another day ( 2002 ) plays `` bob '' in sin city.sin city : a dame to kill for will to be released august 22 , 2014 .
= is their truly color in black & white rain ?
< rule # 1 ( 1983 )

> first , i feel a bit like a fraud reviewing this as i did n't get it so much for the tea as i did for another use -- based on another reviewer 's experiences . she found when her bottle was leaking and she left it in the sink , the excess liquid leaking out cleaned her stained sink ! so , my feelings about the liquid used as a tea are mixed . peach is n't my favorite flavor , but i do like a good herbal tea on a hot day . the liquid tea left a bit of a chemical taste and i was unable to get the liquid tea vs. amount of water right to where i was satisfied . it seemed either too weak or too strong.the reason i ordered this product was more to do with cleaning the tile in my shower . i had let my grandchildren use the washable crayons on the tile and still ca n't get some of the crayon off . so i dabbed on some of the liquid full strength . it did n't get the crayon off , but wow did it clean the white tiles to a shine . where i scrubbed the crayon markings , the tile shone ( well it still had the crayon markings ) , but the areas where the tea had been brushed on that i wiped down were also clean . i looked at the ingredients and am not sure which one is doing the cleaning , but it was impressive.a little expensive for a shower cleaner , but it might be worth it on stubborn stains.so therefore i am giving the product three stars . one star for tea and five for a shower cleaner ! the average is three .
= not your mother 's peach tea
< not my favorite

> i loved fallen too far and never too far , but this book brought it all to a hea conclusion ( no spoiler there , you knew it was coming ) . rush just blew me away with his love for blaire . i was reduced to tears in a few spots over the 3 books , but without giving away details on what really really pushed me over the edge was the 4 gifts he gives blaire . you will know when you get to that part and you will sigh with how over the top in love with her he is and how many ways he shows it . ok , he had his moments when he was n't there for her , but it was only because he was being sucked into the vortex called nan ... ..that b..ch is one mean , nasty , selfish , self-centerd , pathetic , spoiled little rich girl who , even after what she put herself through physically ( you 'll see ) , she still came out the other side being a b..ch ... ... watch out grant ... ... ... .run the other way ... ... although we got to our hea for rush and blaire , ms.glines left plenty of unanswered questions about woods situation with della and grant/nan/harlow story as well . oh , yea , lets not forget about them . looking forward to getting some answers soon ... .but as far a the first 3 books , i loved them and thoroughly enjoyed every minute ... .and the sex is steamy hot and plentiful .
= oh rush ... ... ... ... .
< fallen too far

> iron man is a marvel comic movie that does n't disapoint . it 's better than spiderman 3 `` which even fantastic four 2 was even more fun than '' with more wit and a lot less whining , crying and ... . disco dancing . hell it 's the best marvel movie since spiderman , spiderman 2 and x-men 2. it slowly picks up which is why it gets compared to the hulk by some people . however it 's always entertaining and more fun than the hulk.robert downey jr 's stark slowly becomes iron man but the movie is never boring since downey carries the film well with his quick wit . it has pleanty of laughs while downey himself is very funny while totally owning the character of stark . he also has chemestry with gwyneth paltrow who has a quick wit of her own here as a trustworthy employee of his . terrance howard is in good form as well as stark 's military friend . i also liked a bald jeff bridges as stark 's business partner . when there is action it 's super cool and well done . but the movie would n't have been as good if robert downey jr. was n't casted . he 's not just funny here but he shows that he can handle playing the heroic type and he does it well .
= a summer movie that does n't disapoint
< iron man

> the seventh generation training pants are n't the most attractive pull-ups on the market - a shade of taupe that resembles dirty socks - but they do seem to be comfortable , well-fitting , and absorbent.my 22-month-old is 26 pounds and almost 3 feet tall . the training pants fit him well , pulled off and on easily . he is still learning to potty train and so had a couple of accidents in the training pants . thankfully , the pants are absorbent and there was no leaking onto his clothes . perhaps that could also be seen as a downside in potty training as the inability to sense their pants are wet does n't further encourage children to indicate they have to use the potty - but on the other hand it does mean less mess for me as we go through the process.the material was not irritating to his skin and soft . so i think it would be ideal for babies who have more sensitive skin . perhaps the lack of color and design on the training pants are a function of them being a dye-free and greener product for the environment.i would recommend this product but give it 4/5 stars , only because i would be embarrassed that someone would think my child had a dirty diaper on because of the weird color !
= effective but not attractive !
< comfortable , but not a attractive pull-ups

> this is a good screen protection but unfortunately , what makes it good also made it impossible for me to use with my existing case ... of course , it 's not the fault of the screen protector but it is something to keep in mind.so , what was the problem ? well , i had a nice kindle case from a 3rd party provider . leather with built in stand etc ... nice feel , functional etc ... except it was so tight fitting that it was always a problem just to put on the kindle itself . literally a huge squeeze that was a practice in frustration . add on an anti-glare screen and totally forget it.i debated using this or the case ... this was a trial and obviously the case cost more to begin with but thanks to amazon , i was able to try out a different case and use this ... not only do i wish i had switched earlier but frankly , i 'm super annoyed with the case despite having liked it in the past.product works as described - without bubbles or other annoyances . good fit . easy to use .
= good screen protector but had to change cases
< good screen protection , but not a good price

> this movie is definitely not everyone 's cup of tea , but it is arguably one of the smartest , savviest satires of its kind . the special edition dvd set only drives that home with its wonderful commentary tracks and bonus features.not afraid to laugh at themselves , the cast & filmmakers share their opinions and anecdotes about this unique , disturbing ( dare i say it ) art film.edward norton proves himself , yet again , as one of the finest talents of his generation and brad pitt keeps up with him every step of the way ... all while satisfying the studio 's expected beefcake quota . helena bonham carter , upon multiple screenings , displays incredible restraint in a seemingly over-the-top performance . art direction , cinematography , direction ... all first class.not a film to be taken at face value , definitely worth studying . maybe it will be part of a course in filmmaking and/or storytelling ... it should be .
= too cool for the critics
< one of the best films of the year

> somany movies have been thrown out on blu ray with no work done on them , their colors fading , even worse , lines and scratches on them ! ! this is the opposite of that they really did a great job creating a quality blu ray here . this looks brandnew and the extras are good , it 's everything a blu ray should be and of course this is one of the best sci fi movies of all time . much better than avatar ! now if only they would fix teminator and galaxina and kellys heroes and other releases on blu that look awfull . the story of a crew fighting aliens is brilliant and the cast is a list . so there you have it , sell your dvds and get this series on blu ray . i have them all and i can say that others need to take notice on the blu ray done correctly that this one represents .
= outstanding blu ray
< the best blu ray movies of all time !

> i was skeptical about this movie , i mean tom cruise as a grey headed assassin and i thought of jamie fox as a comedian , but when i saw this movie last year i was really taken aback . the movie is well paced and cruise is in rare form , fox does a nice job , but this is cruise 's movie and he is very good , expecially when things start to go wrong , his character is riviting . my only qualms are the movie is a bit long and i really did not buy jada pincket being into jamie fox , that really is a stretch , uh in real live or film quite frankly . having said that i would still recommend this movie , when it good , it 's really good and that 's worth the price of the dvd , plus the extra 's are nice .
= cruise control
< good movie , but not great

> i seldom hold my ipod , using it often for listening to audio books - but i do admit to being an angry birds junkie ( from time to time ) . so when playing angry birds , my hand can tire from holding the ipod case.no longer do i have a tired hand.now i have a soft case that fits easily over the back and sides of the ipod giving me lots more comfort than the bare case did . i 'm a happy user.if i 'd thought about it , i might have chosen a black rather than a clear case , but so little of the case edges the ipod that there 's really very little difference in visual appearance . in addition , the case is so thin that i do not have to remove it to put the ipod on its speaker system -- it fits perfectly ! five stars .
= nice , soft case improves comfort while holding my ipod touch
< great for ipod ipod audio books

> i do n't normally eat instant oatmeal , but the description of the cherry pistachio variety sounded too good to pass up . i liked the fact that the ingredient list was simple and all natural . it was easy to prepare in the cup , which would make it perfect to take to the office or eat on the go . i loved the taste ! there was a nice portion of cherries and pistachios in it , and the overall flavor was very pronounced . my only complaint is that it was so sweet that it was more like a dessert than a breakfast . i 'm not sure i 'll have it again since i do n't care for sweets that much , but i still think it 's delicious and a great product . it 's definitely much better than any instant oatmeal i 've ever tried before .
= delicious , different , and easy !
< delicious !

> razor technology has reached a very high plateau with even the cheapest razors doing a fine job of removing unwanted body hair . these razors are upscale fancy ones , with extra blades a comfy grip and built-in lotion/moisturizer . i found they worked well and gave me a nice smooth shave . would i purchase them ? yes , but the price would have to be good . i prefer razors that are long-lasting with less plastic to go in the landfill . so far , this razor has stayed sharp and continuously given me a good shave- however they have more plastic than other cheaper razors , and i would prefer less plastic packaging to go in the landfill.overall , nice product , will continue to use to see how they hold up .
= works well
< great shave

> the biggest plus feature of these honey maid fresh stacks is quite simply - you do n't get graham cracker crumbs all over you when you attempt to break apart large sheets of typical graham crackers . i do n't know why they ever made them that way - long rectangles that you have to break apart to eat . the convenience of being able to pull out of a smaller `` square '' container 1/2 of a regularly sized cracker is great ! you do n't have to break them to eat them ! except for this one convenience the product is the same as typical grahams . but that feature is worth it if you are crumb conscious . : )
= no more crumbs all over me
< great cracker !

> the story about jake & nina was a good read . nina became roommates with jake a tattooed , pierced , sexy green eyed intellgent man . nina had too many phobias to count but jake took her fears away with one touch . of course , jake had secrets that kept him from letting people get close . the storyline was pretty good and i really enjoyed falling in love with jake & nina . it was about 80 % in were i was getting frustrated with this couple . but the ending was great . the heat factor : 5 ( when it finally got there ) storyline : 4.5 ( no cliffhangers )
= this was a page turner
< good story

> i usually do n't mind eating dry crispy crackers or cheese twists . but these were really bad . they were dry and did n't have great flavor . i do n't plan on finishing the bag but i have gone back to them a few times to make sure i really do n't like them.the flavor is just lost in the dry , almost dog biscuit consistency ( as i remember them from trying them as a kid ! i know , bad analogy ) .not recommended at all . but i 'll give it an extra star for low fat and high protein content .
= yuk . dry , bad taste
< bad flavor , but not great

> this is great book with a happy ending . there are a number of up and downs , and i got annoyed with blair a couple of times for being hard headed , but that 's mostly because i absolutely love rush . he 's not only rich , he 's a bad boy with tattoos and piercings ... .. so what 's not to love ! he loves blair so much and had me pulling for him from the beginning . read fallen too far first , then read this sequel . you 'll love them .
= great series
< great book

> i must admit i have a fondest for keanu reeves but i do n't see everything he is in and i am a picky science fiction fan . that said the effects were wonderful , the twists entertaining , the questions about the nature of reality intriguing , and the sound track intense . of course this is a rehash of the & quot ; machine will be humanity 's downfall & quot ; but an interesting turn on the old idea of mere slave or destruction .
= good effects and keanu -- what more do you want ?
< keanu reeves is the best

> this is basically green tape that is easy to write on and can be easily moved . i found it very handy to put on the organizer boxes of my expedit so i would remember what i had inside . overall , the width is perfect and it functions just like a post-it note , and is very handy . funny , i used to cut off the non-sticky portion of post-its just to use the sticky part , and now i do n't have too .
= handy
< handy and handy

> i just ca n't even begin to say how in love with luke williams i am . what an amazing man . it was a wonderful love story and so sweet to read something without a bunch of drama ( do n't get me wrong , i enjoy drama with a hea ) and find a couple so in love that it actually makes your heart melt . there is plenty of steam as well . i would give this 10 stars if i could .
= a.m.a.z.i.n.g .
< i am in love with luke williams

> i love hot and spicy food and was excited to be trying this product . usually when i buy sardines they are just the regular cans . first off i did not care for the smell-i do n't know if it was the jalapeno peppers mixed with the sardines but it was not very pleasant . the taste was not that great either-it was not hot enough and had a greasy aftertaste.would buy the regular can 's with no added flavor than these .
= strange smell ...
< not bad

> i do n't normally enjoy vampire books but i really enjoyed this one . i do greatly enjoy many sci-fi sagas and for some reason this series makes me think of them . maybe it is the weird world rules she created and the great characters she put in that world . if you enjoy visiting pern and liaden , i expect you will enjoy this series too . at least it is worth a try . & lt ; g >
= interesting world
< i liked it .

> i have only been taking jarrow formula magmind supplements for a few days and i will update the review later . however i took one capsule before bed last night and slept thru the night for the first time in ages . i usually wake up at least three times during the night . also i do feel more clarity during the day . i am very pleased with the quality of jarrows products .
= works quite well
< great quality

> i 'm pregnant , not sleeping well , and have been trying different doc-approved things to help me nod off . this has helped . there is no `` knock out '' but i feel my body as more restful and i 'm less prone to waking up in the middle of the night . my one complaint is the size -- i know it 's possible to make smaller versions .
= helps settle me for sleep
< great for the price

> my 13-year-old daughter has decided that she likes granola . she 's been happy to help me finish off this bag , and it 's a good a snack as any for her.i like that it 's not too sweet , and has some of the less-common good-for-you grains like flax.in addition to eating it straight out of the bag , i tried it with milk , and it was good .
= kid-tested , mom-approved
< good snack

> from the first oreo mint fudge creme , i quickly thought of girl scout thin mints , but after a few , i noticed the usual oreo creme inside , though it is a secondary flavor compared to the mint and chocolate . overall these are good and could tide me between girl scout cookie season , i 'd rather either have just an oreo or just a thin mint .
= oreo & thin mints in a single cookie
< good flavor , but not a good flavor

> i 've always steered clear of fish oil because of my low blood sugar level . when i take fish oil i end up feeling dazed , a bit disoriented , and just pretty darn weird . i decided to give jarrow formulas phosphomega-3 softgels a try and found it does n't have that effect on me.i could n't be more pleased .
= does n't cause my blood sugar level to drop
< not for me

> while format-wise this is pretty much similar to all the other screen protectors out there , it 's that one you wind up glad you purchased . i found the application easy , and the anti-glare was a wonderful perk .
= a worthy screen protector
< easy to use

> hot , hot , hot ! ! i absolutely love jesse and his complete love for his wife and children . i am so glad that i gave this series a try . will definitely be rereading this series .
= this man confessed
< hot , hot , hot ! !

> it was a pretty good story , but a lot of tragedy ! not a lot of meat and potatoes to it . now i am on to the next one , hope it picks up a bit ! !
= kathy
< pretty good

> i loved it ! ! ! they are trying to work things out between themselves , instead of running away . i ca n't wait for the next book . i love gideon and eva ! !
= i loved it
< loved it ! ! !

> wow what a book . this book was awesome . it had a little of everything in it . ferro men rule . never get enough of them
= loved it
< awesome

> what the heck happened ? after a dramatic start that sets the table for pending doom and fatalism , 28 days later devolves into a trite and lackluster military bash . it was much more interesting watching cillian murphy and naomie harris doing battle with hordes of infected humans rather than a platoon of nimrods , but apparently director danny boyle decided a jarhead in fatigues was scarier than a snarling pack of red-eyed demons . i know i 'm shaking in my sandals.again , the entire premise of this film is fascinating : a young man ( murphy ) awakens from a 28-day coma to discover a deserted world . well , not entirely deserted -- the shadow of night brings out a demented population of enraged people infected with a very cranky virus . and like the zombie movies of old , the infected have a desire to kill the uninfected . thus , jim , our hero , is rescued by a tiny band of & quot ; normal & quot ; humans , led by selena ( harris ) , who possesses loads of street smarts and attitude.the stage is set for a spellbinding , apolcalpytic tale -- a grand tale of survival against overwhelming odds -- but instead , 28 days later dissolves into utter nonsense when our group of heroes abandons london and travels north , lured by a military radio broadcast promising safety in the wildnerness . when i discovered the & quot ; real reason & quot ; for the broadcast i laughed so hard i rolled out of my chair , and almost hit the & quot ; stop & quot ; button once and for all . once the conflict with about one dozen soldiers is established , the zombies merely become props . heck , the zombies even become instruments for the protagonists.go figure.on second thought , do n't waste your time figuring . 28 days later is one of the most frustrating films i 've ever watched , as golden potential for a white-knuckle thriller was squandered and subsequently flushed away down a cinematic commode. -- d . mikels
= fizzle . . .
< the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and

> i just want to preface this review by saying i love jack reacher . i eagerly look forward to a new book and set time aside time to read it . in my experience once you start reading a reacher book it is almost impossible to put it down . you want to see what will happen next . i thought the last two books were a little weaker but it could have been because i was upset by the tom cruise fiasco . this new novel is no disappointment . i think it 's one of his best yet.reacher talks to the co of his old army unit , the 110th special unit , and decides he wants to spend time with that person . it is a woman , major susan turner . he hitchhikes from south dakota to virginia to take turner out to dinner . as he reaches his old offices , things start to fall apart . he is recalled to the army and then questioned about two events that happened sixteen years ago.i do n't want to go into too much detail and spoil it but if this is not your first reacher novel , you know there will be fights , getaways and thoughtful escapes out of tough and dangerous situations . this book is packed with them . you would n't be disappointed in not having enough action . there 's plenty of it . there is an interesting anecdote from his childhood where , as a military brat , he was psychologically tested.major turner says to reacher , `` it 's like you 've been sanded down to nothing but yes or no , and you and them , and black and white , and live or die . '' reacher is a remarkable character . he has no responsbilities and is able to go whereever he wants to whenever he wants and do whatever he wants . it 's an american 's view of true freedom .
= reacher is back
< a remarkable view of true freedom

> i was right there with kiera it was crazy i could feel jealousy for her as the tour started then i felt as she grew and instead of being jealous sympathize with them because they would never really know kellan like she did . the first book was the most heart wrenching for me and this book still have it 's up 's and down 's and there were times i was n't sure if kiera was going to just say screw it and go home . kiera really stood by kellan in this book- more than i thought i could if i were in her shoes . it was an amazing book . there was a lot of hot sex but nothing detailed and raunchy but if you read the first two books you already know this . i not only got to hear about kiera and kellan 's love journey but anna and griffin 's as well . fantastic ending.quotes : '' i was remembering all of the reasons why i love you so much . i was appreciating everything you do , and everything you are . i was falling in love with you , all over again . `` `` the art of seduction always was one of his greatest talents . `` `` you 're hot , i love you , i want you , and my personal favorite , marry me . `` `` he was a big part of your life , and i 'm okay with your history . it made you who you are . and i happen to be in love with who you are . `` `` home is wherever you are . `` follow my blog at iloveladyporn.com
= whew ... . this is one fabulous series ! you must read it !
< amazing book

> a book like mud vein is n't my normal read , however i can appreciate a well written , mind effing story when i read one . props to tarryn fisher for having a story like this in her head and having the talent to put it in to ours.senna richards is a hard , hard character to have any sympathy for , yet every so often i felt myself give a little . she has had a rough upbringing to make her a bit & # 34 ; off & # 34 ; and with the sudden shot to fame , it is worse . senna is n't a people person and that is putting it mildly . after a tragic incident , one person shows her maybe she can learn to love , live and move on . some time after that unfortunate incident , senna finds herself locked in the house , surrounded by nothing , with various items around pointing to the fact that she was put there for a reason . one she must figure out to survive.i will stop there with the review as i do n't want to spoil the twisted story line . senna is forced to look deep into her past for the answers to her future . the book is well written and i finished in a day because i had to see how this was all going to come together . for such a strange story , it ended well and left me with no questions . just a bit of lingering sadness .
= the sadness stays with you
< a bit of lingering sadness

> gabe i really am liking that boy , & # 34 ; stop it , miss stanz . do not draw more attention to yourself. & # 34 ; gabe hisses in my ear . & # 34 ; i 'll take you to this place , if this is where you want to go , but we leave now . no comments . you do n't know a damn thing , and if you tackle someone , i swear to god i 'll taser your a** and throw you in the trunk . got it ? & # 34 ; sean he , well i see a bit more of a flirty side to him that i really do like , & # 34 ; i 'll wear your a** any way you 'll let me. & # 34 ; he 's still protective even more so in this situation , & # 34 ; no ! & # 34 ; sean 's voice is fierce . his entire body tenses to the point he trembles as he yells . & # 34 ; no on is protecting you , except me . i do n't want you to trust anyone until this is over - not mel , not gabe , not even my brothers -no one . do you understand me ? & # 34 ; i 'm ready for the next installment .
= sean playful ?
< sean is the best !

> a sweet romance story about ryan , a college hockey player who comes from a rich privileged family , and danny , a talented musician whose family fell apart & she is left to work her way back into the college of her dreams . danny has a few face piercings and a little wild color to her hair , what is the big deal ? ? apparently everyone is worried that ryan 's family will reject her , and certainly some of ryan 's friends make judgments about danny without knowing her . but danny is the coolest chick around , she keeps her cool under pressure & keeps her manners when it would be easy to lash out at the world after the tough life she 's been dealt . ryan and danny 's story has some heat to it but it is n't very detailed in the book . it is a once-in-a-lifetime love between these two and it is a very nice story about two opposites who are attracted to each other in every way . ryan 's family forces him to choose and it is my favorite part of the book when ryan does n't pick danny over his family , instead he choose unconditional love ! would have liked more to the story and more heat to their romance but still a very good book .
= ryan & danny
< sweet romance

> spoiler alert ! beware ! ! ! i 've waited so long for more jack freaking carter ! and this book did not disappoint me one bit . jack gets injured while pitching and breaks his hand . he 's out for six weeks but returns eventually . only problem is he 's not back 100 % yet . he finds out cassie is pregnant with their first child . he is so excited ! but then he gets traded to aneheim . which is not bad because they get prove back home to be close to family.jack continues to be gone alot with baseball and he 's missing his wife and son . he decides to retire after his ten years are in . cassie is afraid he will be miserable . but he 's just the opposite . he gets to spend more time with his family . he also gets to coach his sons high school team . his son chance is an outstanding catcher . jack gets to announce that chance is going to get to play college ball at the place where his dad started his career and met his mom . life is great for them . such a great story ! i would love for the books to continue with chance in college !
= absolutely amazing
< jack freaking carter ! ! !

> back to nature chocolate delight granola is a great product , but it could be better . specifically , the granola did not have uniform clusters of chocolate . some clusters were large and had adequate chocolate coating while others were small and had little or no coating of chocolate . because of this i gave the product one less star than i would have had the product been more uniform . that said the product was otherwise great ! for granola lovers ( or even those who do n't regularly consume granola ) the addition of chocolate is quite clever and actually changes the expected taste and texture of granola . i decided to try sprinkling the product over top some vanilla ice cream and could n't believe the wonderful experience . adding some walnuts and a little extra hershey 's dark chocolate syrup was incredible . you can of coarse consume the product straight from the bag , but if you want to stretch the product out over a number of weeks i would recommend using the chocolate granola as a topping of sorts on your favorite desert . i would highly recommend this product .
= only one complaint : not uniform
< great granola , but could be better

> fallene cotz 20 % zinc oxide vanishing formula spf 35 goes on smooth and does n't leave any of that horrible waxy , greasy feeling that you get with some other sunscreens . it stays on too ! during a recent `` bike-a-thon '' i rode my bicycle for 2 hours wearing the cotz sunscreen in the extreme heat of a mid-summer day . the sunscreen held up quite well and i did n't have to reapply . i also did not get sunburned . i 'm very fair-skinned , and i burn easily , so it is rare that i find a sunscreen that will keep me completely burn free . i also wear the cotz on my weekend cycling rides , which last from an hour to two hours . this summer it has been extremely hot , with temperatures reaching 105 degrees almost every day , and the cotz sunscreen stays on even in sweaty conditions such as that . i really like this sunscreen and will definitely buy it again !
= good coverage ... .
< cotz 20 % zinc oxide vanishing formula spf 35 zinc oxide oxide

> three film students set out into the black hills forest to make a documentary on the legendary blair witch . armed with a 16 mm camera , a hi8 video camera and a dat recorder , every step , word and sound is captured . after wandering around the black hills forest , the students are cold and lost . finally , one night after the last ray of light had left the forest black , they were never to be seen again . one year later , a bag full of film cans , dat tapes , and video tapes were found . the behind the scenes video footage and the film , are cut together to make & quot ; the blair witch project. & quot ; what a stupid movie . i remember going to the theatre to see it . there was so much hype built up around this movie and i was expecting an extremely scary movie . do n't waste your time with this drivel .
= pure drivel
< the blair witch

> while this sunscreen is targeted at kids , it is absolutely wonderful for adults who are sensitive to sunscreens . i 've tried many , many different brands and , while some were less irritating than others , none were what i would describe as irritation free . but this one is ! it goes on easily , protects well , and i had absolutely zero irritation from the lotion . it does show a bit when it is applied , but it 's not a significant issue , and it does show less on the skin than other zinc oxide formulations . there 's no appreciable scent.it is pricy , and i did go through quite a bit in just a couple of uses , which adds to the cost per use . but , if you 're looking for something that wo n't cause any skin irritation but still provides ample sun protection , this should be on the short list . highly recommend .
= zero skin irritation and effective
< great for sensitive to sensitive to sunscreens

> this is a healthy , versatile product that you can cook with , use on your skin and your hair . i 've been using this on my skin and have noticed that it 's much softer . i like to put it on my face and lips at night as the air in our home is dry as we use a wood-burning stove.i leave it on for a few hours , and then wipe the excess off just before i go to bed.looking forward to using it instead of butter in muffins , banana bread and sweet things . the coconut has a fresh smell . i appreciate that this is organic certified and good for you . i rarely use butter or shortening anymore in baking - use olive oil , applesauce and yogurt . it 's great to have another healthy substitute for butter and shortening to bake with . *sample provided for review
= healthy multipurpose oil
< healthy and healthy

> i do n't drink a lot of soda , never really have . that being said , i 'm not a fan of carbonated beverages , so i approached this all natural sparkling juice with a bit of caution . i am happy to say though that this izze all natural sparkling apple juice is quite good and goes down pretty smooth as well . the juice is also refreshing and tastes pretty good without being loaded with sugar and caffeine . in those respects alone , this juice from izze is a smashing success , but the only real downside is that if you are n't a drinker of carbonated beverages , this juice from izze wo n't necessarily win you over . that aside , this all natural sparkling juice from izze is good for what it is , and is worth a try at the very least .
= very good and goes down smooth
< good for what it is

> golden globe nominated for best comedy . in truth , it 's an action comedy in which you get that the picture is n't trying to take itself too seriously . a lot of `` well aged '' actors and actresses who are or were `` a '' list are in this picture which bumps up the quality some . humor is over the top and some of the `` a '' list people are not in their typical roles . the love interest was n't to my liking but she worked enough to pass the bar . characters/dialogue : b ; story/plotting : b ; humor : b to b plus ; zaniness : b ; overall grade : b ; when watched : 01/30/2011 .
= golden globe nomination for best comedy
< the

> what surprised me most about scotch 's pop-up refillable tape dispenser was its gripping ability . after filling it with the refillable tape , and pressing it down on my desk , that thing was n't going anywhere . i could slide it on the desk , but it held on tight , making it very easy to grab and pull up pre-cut pieces of tape . it 's a slick little device that holds fast to your desk , counter , or other flat horizontal surface . it 's quick and easy to load . to remove it from your desk , just slide it to the edge and it loses its `` magical '' grip . who knew tape could be so fun ?
= keeps its grip !
< scotch 's pop-up refillable tape dispenser

> the problem with sun block is you really only know when it does n't work . cotz is a white cream that easily blends onto your skin to become invisible . when cool it has not ordor . so everything seems fine . but when you are in the sun and it warms up , it has that distinct sun block smell . since it appears to work , i can live with that ! since , i am exposed to the sun coming and going to work and at lunch time , i use sun screen on my arms . there has not been any burning and i have not notice much tanning on my arms . so it appears to work .
= goes on easy and clear
< works well

> i like the versatility of this granola pack . it 's light enough to go on cereal or yogurt , but could also be a standalone snack . it tastes pretty good . the blueberries are n't full sized , or even like raisins , but rather like those preserved fruits you get in some types of cereals . it 's still good , but i would n't recommend the pack if you 're only buying it for the blueberry flavor . another nice feature is that these grains are a bit softer than traditional granola , so it 's not as crunchy to chew . overall , not a bad choice to spice up your yogurt .
= great with cereal or apple sauce
< good , but not as good as the blueberry flavor

> along with the recent oscar winner `` the departed '' , scorsese has given us 2 great gangster thrillers along with his seminal `` mean streets '' . ray liotta will probably never have a greater role than this since he has since fallen into doing b-movies or straight to video features . and joe pesci 's oscar performance as a psycho hood ranks up there with the best of cagney . a little long perhaps but filled with juicy details of the mob and of course , deniros excellent performance . also the hd dvd version of this classic adds a certain sheen to it all , though on casino , it 's even better
= marty 's fellas
< the best of the departed

> so i tortured myself to read the finally on drew and fable . it was a better book than the first one but still it was just an okay book . i did n't understand some of the characters like jen and colin . i guess she is trying to give you a pick of a new book starring them maybe ... .. well , with this book you will get your answers for adele and his dad andy . you also get a few answers/ending of fable 's mom . but one thing you will get is your hea in this story. & lt ; -- - the only positive .
= part 2 with a hea
< better than the first one

> i thoroughly enjoyed this book . a very rewarding read and it contains great information on what the people of guernsey endured during wwii . from the issues of pets and pies to cautions regarding eating plants that are not correctly identified this volume is heartwarming and yet heartrending . i chose it first to gain insights into hard time living but it 's more than just a novel . the female main character juliet is endearing and i so much prefer to glean the real life experiences of this miserable war from a fictional perspective . i love that it 's also available in paperback now .
= very apealing book for romantics and those interested in preparedness
< a great read

> i did like that there are no calories . this product can help me cut down on coffee . i did get a great pick me up and it was good . i added lemon to the flavor , you can add mio if you like as well . large size can get two servings from it if you had to share . adding a flavor will help on the after taste . good product nice to have a large bottle of water to take to the beach , or on a construction site .
= ok
< good for a beach

> i drink water all day long . usually plain out of the tap water . if it tasted like this i would not . perhaps the electrolytes that they say are added provide some health benefit but they seem minimal and there are better ways to get them . this water had an almost metallic aftertaste ( such as you get with over chlorination ) also at a hefty 1.5 liters the bottle is not a convenient size unless you plan on leaving it in the refrigerator to use .
= water with an aftertaste
< not a good size

> this is a decent sequel to the first film . yes , the film does not follow canon exactly , but it is still a film worth checking out . special effects are also cool , and the plotline is coherent . i know some people do n't like this and from what i see the reactions are mixed , but as long as you set aside expectations that this is going to be exactly like the comics , i think you will enjoy it .
= cool sequel
< decent sequel

> if it were n't for its ending , i 'd say this film was absolute onscreen perfection . by this i mean it has always seemed so hugely wrong for snow white to throw off the dwarfs and all the little forest creatures who saved her life , and run off with the prince . without even an onscreen goodbye ? that 's some cold stuff there . think what her departure must 've done to her friends there in the forest . seriously callous .
= great film , bad ending ... .seriously .
< onscreen perfection

> these new diapers are much softer than the previous seventh generation diapers ! i am impressed ! they are much softer than the leading brand of diapers . the old version was a bit stiff , but not these ! i love the fact that i had no leaks with these . i 've had bad luck trying any diaper other than pampers when it came to leaks . seventh generation is my new choice in diapers !
= excellent diapers
< great diapers !

> you ca n't look at this bag without feeling fun ! cat in the hat and thing 1 and thing 2 who will come play with you when it is too rainy to play outside ... it well made and seems durable . it is more environmentally friendly than the plastic bags too ! i love it ! thank you bumkins !
= fun alternative to plastic sandwich bags - & environmentally friendly too !
< great bag !

> i 've used tis now for four nights and am convinced of its effectiveness . the taste is n't bad at all , and i 've been able to slip easily into slumber very quickly after lying down . i also have been awaking feeling refreshed and active .
= gently effective
< works great

> i really ca n't say anything about this book except ... wow ! my heart aches and rejoices ! you must read ... but as you do hold on to your hearts because this story will stay with you !
= hold on you your heart !
< wow !

> this book is such a good read , it has a bit of everything . i loved the ending . all the characters were fantastic and i ca n't wait to read blake 's story next .
= loved it
< loved it

> this is an excellent trimmer/shaver for the money . smooth , does not leave any razor burns.if you are using this once a week - the aaa battery can last upto 6 months .
= clean & safe
< great trimmer/shaver

> great ending to a great trilogy . love the characters and feel so attached to them . i love this author . 5+ star ! ! !
= so good ! ! ! !
< great ending to a great trilogy

> this second book in the connections series is awesome ! i loved loved loved this book . i really could n't put it down : )
= yes ! ! ! !
< loved it !

> frigging amazing , 6++ stars . like wow so good . unbelievably good ! i did not want to put this book down ! this book is beautifully written and it tugs at your emotions . it is so poignant , so heartbreaking and so sweet and romantic . i fell in love with all the characters and my heart broke too ! the story starts with laney and evan , childhood best friends that slowly and beautifully fall in love . they want to go to the same college , however , only evan gets accepted . knowing the temptations of college life and not wanting to have their hearts broken , they decide to break up and remain friends.enter dane , sweet , mysterious , caring and what a gentleman , damn what is a girl to do but like him and maybe fall for him ? what i loved about this book is that though there is a love triangle , no one cheats ( well physically anyway ) and the guys are such gentlemen and so and sweet . hell yeah , they want to win the gal and they want to beat the hell out of the other , but they are respectful and they are so nice , they both deserve to fall in love and be with laney however , only one can will her heart.what i love about this book is that the love/romance between evan and laney develops gradually . this is first love at its best and at its finest . moreover , the friendship that laney develops for dane is also gradual . nothing is rushed and every emotion is felt.i fell in love twice , once with evan and then with dane and now my heart is happy but broken . the book ends on a hell of a cliffy , though i suspect i already know whom laney will end up with in book 2.wonderful , wonderful , wonderful book i can not wait for book 2 ! ! !
= could n't put this book down ! poignant , sweet and heartbreaking . beautifully written .
< amazing ! ! !

> like most fans of horror literature , i 've read the book , i am legend by richard matheson . matheson is ( next to lovecraft ) the most important figure in horror in the twentieth century . this famous book almost created the concept of `` the last real human left on earth . '' in the book , it is vampires . in the movies , they became `` mutants , '' or zombies , or `` the infected . `` this film gives us monsters who are a cross between vampires and zombies . they are like vampires because they can not be exposed to sunlight . otherwise , they are like the zombies of the 28 days later mold - exceptionally fast and strong . ( i still have a problem with fast , strong zombies - where do they get their strength from , especially considering they are so under-nourished . but perhaps i am being too literal . ) this movie works because the filmmakers choose to use suspense over cheap shocks . it is amazing how long it takes to even see one of the monsters . most of the film is about will smith trying ( and failing ) to hold onto his sanity as he wonders through the surreally empty manhattan.there are flaws in the film to be sure - mostly , some badly done cgi effects . all in all , it works . it is about time this film was made . for years , it has been kicking around hollywood attached to people like schwarzenegger and so on . it was even listed in an entertainment weekly article about the `` best scripts never made . '' now , it has been made . as a benefit , the book is popular again - and whole generation of new readers will discover the old master .
= the best movie version so far ...
< the last real human left on earth

> i am caucasian and i have thick frizzy hair , since i also bleach my hair i deal with breakage . i 'm always willing to try a product that can offer any kind of nourishment or deep conditioning for my hair so i thought id give this clear scalp and hair therapy ultra shea a try.upon opening the container ( which is quiet large for the price ) i noticed the texture is pretty similar to vaseline nursing jelly its also reminded me of this body butter i used to use when pregnant . but i still wanted to try it so i figured that since a lot of people had a hard time getting it out that maybe they put to much on.there are no instructions on the container or on amazon.com so i use my shampoo and conditioner as always then gently grazed my finger across the top twice , rubbed my hands together and massaged it through my hair and got out.i put no other product in my hair and when i went to straighten my hair i could n't believe my eyes ! my hair had absolutely no frizz and was so silky smooth , and i also had a lot less breakage then when i usually straighten my hair . i mean i can tell if you put to much its gon na be greasy so just keep in mind a little goes a long long way.overall this is a great product ( if it is used correctly ) at a great price i however gave it 4 stars due to lack of directions . this is a product that i will continue to use for years to come and i will be recommending it to others !
= a little dab will do ya .
< great for thick hair !

> i read this book after having known the plot and ending , through another novel , the double bind by chris bohjalian . i figured it sounded interesting and thought i would read it for myself . having known the ending did n't make for the most exciting read , but it was good . more than that , it was more about what the novel represented and did not say.i wo n't go through the plot . the 1920 's were a fascenating time and this novel helped capture that . while it was also written during this period , it had very much a sound and tone of an older novel which did take a little getting used to . overall , i 'd describe it as a little more bland or plain spoken that what you might read today . the character development was done with finess and the story was brought along to the conclusion masterfully . towards the end you just wanted to skip through to see how it would end.overall it 's a tragic tale . there 's a lot of tragedy in the book , however it 's interesting how the author choses to present this to us , in a matter of fact way . what really resonates with me is the topic of the past and how some of us are prisoners of it . and how often a first love , may be your only true love . the notion that maybe you can recapture this one day , is something i think many can relate to . great novel , i 'm glad i decided to finally get around to reading this classic .
= does the past set you free ?
< a classic

> silence of the lambs is a thriller that only others can aspire to . much darker and deeper than most , the stars carry their parts with exquisite , chilling moments from the beginning . you are reeled in as the beautiful fbi trainee clarice starling ( jodie foster ) meets the psychiatrist hannibal lechter - `` hannibal the cannibal '' ( anthony hopkins ) .the plot winds tight as lechter is interviewed by starling at his cell in a maryland mental hospital . the give and take between them grabs your attention and from that point on you are emersed in the mind games and intelligent sparing for information between the two . the fbi is hopeful that lechter can go into the mind of a serial killer on the loose , `` buffalo bill . '' lechter does , but only if starling will give information about herself in exchange for insight and clues on the killer at large . buffalo bill 's current captive is a daughter of a senator and finding her is a riveting and breathless ending . through it all , lechter is respectful of agent starling , and understands her own fears and dark secrets . oddly , through him she struggles out of her own sad , hidden issues.silence of the lambs is both disturbing and yet transformational with the caterpillar turning into a beautiful moth or butterfly theme . clarice fights her fears and finds her own strength and courage through lechter in a odd way . the film is an unforgettable classic.jodie foster and anthony hopkins were made for the parts they played , and they did it to perfection .
= chilling classic -
< silence of the lambs

> on lthe day i received klthese i was dogsitting my brother 's two dogs in addition to my own german shepherd and chinese cresteds . there are four treats to a pack . they are hard white bones with a lamb flavored center . about five inches long and maybe an inch wide and an inch thick , they promised some serious chew time . they are recomended for ssmall , described as ten pounds or more , through large dogs.unfortunatey , my german shepherd took one sniff and rejected it . one of the cresteds is fourteen pounds but found it too heavy to handle . his muzzle is narrow . but after two licks , he to completely rejected it . my brothers mixed breeds were less discriminating . his chow mix , who eats everything , spent twenty minutes gnawing at it , leaving a stickyt mess . his other , a large shepherd mix , trotted around with it sticking out of his mouth like a cigar . he too finished it off in about twenty minutes , again leaving a sticky residue.i liked the fact that they used flax flour in this product kand appreciated the resealablebag . however , they are a tad expensive . also , they are not made in the us and since the pet food recalls , i limit my purchases to items made and distributed in this country . however , since neither of my dogs cared for them , i will find them another treat .
= not fun for my dogs
< my dogs liked it , but it 's a tad expensive

> in a reboot of the venerable spy franchise , james bond ( daniel craig ) , newly invested with his license to kill , goes after le chiffre ( mads mikkelson ) , an international financier with very shady connections , and falls in love with a bond girl ( eva green ) that we can actually care about.with this film , craig becomes the second best bond after sean connery and , given time , he may take the number one spot . like connery , he has some rough edges and a believable physicality . he is much more of a rogue agent in this one , supported by m ( judy densch ) but never sure of whom he can trust . the script ( by neal purvis , robert wade , and paul haggis ) replaces the usual ( and , i admit , frequently entertaining ) glib double entendres of previous outings with real dialogue in a well-written script that builds character . the sequel , `` quantum of solace , '' showed that going too far down the dark , gritty road to a greater realism can remove some of the magic from this classic character , but here they get it just right .
= the new bond delivers
< the second best bond after sean connery

> the first quarter of the book is riveting , a page-turner with the promise of a great read . however , characters that you 've come to know are killed off and you find yourself immersed in a totally different setting with too many characters who are uninteresting and boring . the bulk of the book follows a colony of people who survive in a fortified community against the vampire invaders that lurk outside the fences . the best parts describe journeys that the characters make and the people they meet but unfortunately these episodes are few and far between . instead we are dished endless banter and annoying catch phrases ( for instance , the characters all use the term `` flyers '' in just about every sentence , whatever that means ) . it was also irritating to have slang words thrown at you that are never explained . after finishing the book , i still do n't know the difference between a `` smoke '' and a `` viral '' . overall , a big disappointment and a much over-hyped book . i doubt that i will finish the series .
= promising start but rapidly goes downhill
< a page-turner with a great read

> sweet mother of cash , you naughty , naughty boy ! '' vaguely ? maybe i did n't pound it into you hard enough . `` `` oh , i think you pounded it in plenty hard . `` this book had a lot more action then the first , which i liked . i also liked seeing olivia 's claws come out protecting her man . `` why would you not be ? you got off easy . you have a law degree that you did n't have to study for , a job you did n't have to work for and a life you did n't have to earn . sounds like cash has done the hard part . '' when we were introduced to gavin i fell in love with that handsome bloke ! i really hope ms. leighton writes a book on him . nash needs to be whacked for the last comment he made at the end of the book , but i ca n't wait to read his story none the less .
= nash or cash
< sweet mother of cash

> this is a very cute , well made bag . as they state in their description , it 's made out of `` bib '' material so you can get an idea of the fabric , light but strong . the zipper is sturdy too . although it is machine washable , i ca n't imagine washing it in my machine and then putting food in it , it just does n't seem right . not a big problem because you can easily rinse it in the sink and place it zipper side down to dry . this bag does not close as tight as a zipper lock plastic bag though , so be aware that some wet foods would not work well in these . i also wonder if washing this bag in soap and water would negate the green benefits of a reusable bag . still , the design is nice and might make the sandwich that much more interesting to a picky eater !
= sturdy bag but limited use
< cute , well made bag .

> one might be tempted to dismiss the premise and structure of this film as a gimmick -- but what a gimmick ! and so well done ! leonard shelby ( guy pearce ) has lost the ability to form new long-term memories , but that does n't stop him from going after the man responsible for both his condition and a brutal attack on his wife . the story unfolds in reverse so that the viewer is able to share leonard 's dilemma ; he constantly finds himself in situations that he does not understand with no idea of what preceded . it is fascinating to see the events leading to scenes that we have already witnessed . it all culminates in a shattering revelation which leonard , unfortunately , is doomed to forget ... joe pantoliano and carrie ann moss deliver excellent supporting performances .
= a highly intelligent thriller
< a gimmick -- but what a gimmick !

> `` dark places '' by gillian flynn is a masterfully written thriller/mystery . libby 's quirky character is one that wo n't soon be forgotten.the story flashes from present to past in alternating chapters , counterbalancing libby 's search for the truth with the tragedy of the past . on a snowy night in 1985 , then 7-year-old libby day hears her mother and two young sisters dying being murdered , assuming it was her teenage brother ben weilding the axe and shotgun . now , after being contacted by a 'kill club ' that studies serial killers , she 's not so sure her big brother was responsible.i strongly suggest this novel if you 're into mystery and thrillers . i bet you 'll never see the ending coming !
= masterfully written thriller/mystery
< a masterfully written mystery

> i have been wanting to read this series for forever ... i bought all the books when the super special $ 2.99 each price shocked me into impulse buy all of them ... bennett and chloe are pretty freaking awesome ! i loved the chemistry between the two of them throughout the book . i loved the way they fought and talked to each other before they realized that something more was happening . i am so far pleased with this series . i finished beautiful bitch before i wrote this review because i was a little pissed with the ending and needed to know a little more so i did n't write a pissed off review . anywho ... love it now onto the next one in the series .
= loved it ...
< loved it !

> i really emily best friend olivia she is very funny with the names she come up with for dillon lol . i 'm sorry but emily is the most weak lead female i have read about so far come on i was so mad at her by the end of the book . olivia and fallon have more backbone than she does ; she is so weak for a lead character and that jerk dillon screw her mind up so bad . after reading the book i have a headache thanks to emily ' emotions so darn clueless . i 'm sorry but i really dislike her character ; am i anxious to read pulse not really but would i read it just for gavin yes yes yes lol .
= ok
< i 'm sorry

> i really loved the coincidence of callie and kayden . a very different story of two damaged souls that somehow find each other even though they 've known each other most of their lives . both callie and kayden are very likable and you definitely want things to work out for them . callies ' bff seth is a wonderful character who will always have callie 's back . luke as kayden 's bff is also a good guy and together this unlikely foursome forges a great friendship . their story ends on a cliffhanger but book two will be out soon . i highly recommend reading this beautiful story . you will not be disappointed .
= just a really great book
< beautiful story

> we fed our pets these treats in the past , before they were recalled , and while the dogs loved them , they were very stiff and one dog got a mouth injury gobbling the treat . these are an improved product . they are bendable , and still are gobbled by the pets . one suggestion is to make the treats in smaller sizes , since we broke them into smaller pieces to avoid any issue . i would not hesitate to feed these treats at this time . while they may contain brown sugar , these are a treat , and as such are wildly popular .
= improvement over the older models
< the dogs loved them

> we got to step into the mind of daniel in this novella . and he is hilarious . i found myself laughing out loud last night when i stayed up late to start reading this book . he was describing what his mystery visitor in the dark closet looked like and he described smurfette . my husband woke up and thought i was crying because my shoulders were shaking and i was trying to hold the laughter in.while i enjoyed this book i am a little nervous about getting another book about danielle . it better not be this same story but from six 's point of view .
= so funny ...
< hilarious

> i ca n't say i cared for this product . while the gel did an adequate job of cleaning , it was over perfumed . the smell was strong and lingered . the menfolk thought it was just okay with those with oilier skin giving it a slight edge . no one was wild about the fragrance and no one noticed the `` stimulating micro-beads '' . the energizing effect , like the woman magnet feature is illusory . sorry . i think there are superior cleansers that support a healthy skin care regimen without the heavy fragrance .
= too perfumey
< not for me

> i thought that this movie is awesome . i thought that g.i . joe 2 was better than the first movie . i hope they do another one . i love the g.i . joe films . i was kind of disappointed that they killed duke off that sucked he was a cool character . i was surprised to see stormshadow i thought he died in the first movie . if they do make a third film hope its good as the first two or better . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do
= g.i joe 2 : retaliation
< awesome movie

> this is a fine product and certainly convenient , but it was n't quite what i was looking for taste-wise.the & # 34 ; chai & # 34 ; flavoring part of this chai tea is milder than i prefer , sort of like & # 34 ; chai lite & # 34 ; , and the fact that is conveniently pre-sweetened means you ca n't adjust the sweetness to suit your taste . if you want a less intense chai flavor and plenty of sweetness this would be a good choice for you .
= mild chai flavor with plenty of sweetness
< convenient , but not great

> i 'm familiar with banana boat products , so eager to try the coolzone sunscreen . it came at the right time with triple degree heat in california . ugh ! the lotion was a nice thin consistency ; not so thin that it was runny and not too thick to spread . it was perfect . i could feel a slight cooling sensation when applied . it worked beautifully . i was outside approximately an hour in the pool and had no sunburn . i highly recommend this product
= just what i needed
< great sunscreen

> what is a graham cracker ? what did i expect when these arrived in the mail ? well , it was initially not a pleasant process . they arrived broken . now , i enjoy my graham crackers with a little butter spread on them . kind of hard to spread butter on broken crackers ! however , the taste was unbelievable ! the crackers were crispy and very satisfying ! i enjoyed every cracker to the last bite .
= wow
< delicious !

> if you have n't seen this movie its because you 've been living under a rock . this is the story of forrest gump , a simple minded man who lives an extraordinary life . gump 's life basically serves as a story line with which to relive the events of the 50s , 60s , and 70s . i have yet to hear of anyone did n't love this movie . a must have for any movie collection .
= gump is as gump does
< a must have

> oh my god ! ! ! that was exciting , overwhelming and fantastically awesome ... i mean seriously i think i panted more than blaire did : - ) . i absolutely loved this book and i 'm hoping we get the wedding and other stuff because hey i need it seriously . so yep that is all i can say ... . this story is so delicious i can not wait to read it again and again ...
= uniquely qualified romance ...
< omg ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> great book , great writing , interesting characters ( priscilla is a b*tch ! ! ! ) . the author took her time with the story letting everything flow naturally . i loved the dual povs . my only complaint was that it took too long for hunter and libby to get together , but i understand his hesitance . loved it ! ! !
= erotic with an interesting mystery !
< great book ! ! !

> i used this for myself on a recent trip to st maarten . i burn very easily and this worked great to keep me from getting too much sun . very good product . i really like that it is made without all the extra chemicals . i also have sensitive skin and this did not cause me any problems .
= pediatric safe , but can be for adults too .
< works great

> the side of the can sums up : `` izze fortified is naturally sweet with no refined sugars , no caffeine , no preservatives ... '' nice light refreshing taste . while great all by itself , it also makes a nice mixer ( mixed it with mango flavored vodka and a squeeze of lime )
= refreshing , great taste , only 90 cals
< nice light taste

> i have two cases , one for travel and this one for around the house , its easy to slip on and off , easy to grip and is not in the way , i dont use it outside the home because it has no cover for the glass of the itouch .
= just for around the house
< easy to grip

> pretty tasty if you like habenero chilies . they have managed to get the habenero flavor while toning down the heat index . in turn , it has a pretty distinct flavor . there are some other flavor but really it is about the habenero and a bit of vinegar .
= mild habenero sauce
< tasty

> easy to open , comfortable to insert and does a great job protecting clothing with no leakage . best brand of tampons in my opinion . not much else to say about tampons haha .
= comfortable
< great product

> this is an easy way to clean your screens . it does a great job getting rid of lint and fingerprints . the only thing , the brush fills up wit lint pretty quickly .
= ieraser
< easy to clean

> i was originally turned off of ths , not caring for zombie films . however , this is surprising it is really good special effe cts are awe inspiring .
= zombies for those who hate zombies
< inspiring

> this product was offered thru vine , and i ordered it with the intentions of substituting it for my morning cup of joe . ironically , my husband had training this week , so i offered him my bottle of `` purified , caffeinated water '' ( aviate ) to try and let me know how he liked it.effects : he drank the water when he felt himself becoming sleeping during a presentation . after drinking the water , he felt awake , refreshed and alert . he said that there were none of the usual side-effects of taking a dose of caffeine ( this product contains 90 mg ) . compared to a starbucks coffee or energy drink . he said that while he felt alert , he did n't feel jittery or anxious . he also liked the fact that unlike coffee , he did n't have to suffer with coffee breath.taste : this water goes down smoothly without the heavy feeling that you get from carbonated water or caffeinated soft drinks . also note that this water is not flavored.cost : while initially i thought that this product was a little pricey ( 12 for $ 18 ) , if you it to purchasing a starbucks coffee ( that could range between $ 2.50 or $ 4-ish , it is reasonable ) or one of those energy drink , it is comparable . it averages to about $ 1.50 a bottle.benefits : this product contains 0 calories , 0 % fat and 0 carbs . i think this product is perfect for people who are , or in my case , want to be healthy . i would definitely think that this water would be perfect for those who work out .
= cool , refreshing and healthy !
< good for my morning cup of joe

> i 'm a hot sauce junky , with a collection of about 20 different bottles in my cupboard that get brought out for different uses . some , like mydave 's insanity sauce gift setare just pure fire in a bottle . they get doled out by the toothpick to add some heat without adding any flavor . this `` gringo bandito hot sauce '' is the on the opposite end -- it does n't pack much of a wallop heat-wise , but it has a nice flavor profile.the closest thing i can think to compare this hot sauce to is the taco bell `` fire '' sauce packets . that 's a favorable comparison to me -- i used to grab handfuls of those and drink them right from the package when i was a kid . the `` gringo bandito hot sauce '' has that same mix of flavors . it 's tangy , smoky , spicy , and yummy . there is a unique mix of flavors going on here , and in a fine balance with nothing dominating.i do n't think i would ever use `` gringo bandito '' to add to soup or other cooking like i do `` dave 's insanity . '' the flavors are a little too delicate , and would probably get lost in the mix of whatever you are making . this is a much better sauce for slathering on top of foods to deliver a mix of flavor and heat . it goes good on scrambled eggs , pizza , burritos , and my personal favorite , toast . i will definitely be refilling my bottle when it empties , something that looks to be sooner rather than later .
= tastes like taco bell
< a nice , spicy , spicy , and yummy

> we did a pretty nice sized garden this year after picking up some old abandoned city lots last year . we prepped the lots over the fall and took advantage of this year 's unusual growing season by planting and trying our hand at a wide variety of vegetables and fruits.in our mid-sized rural town , we have a ferrel cat problem that like to use the gardens as their litter box and we also have squirels and huge jack rabbits that like to plunder the goods as well , and the occassional possums , but no deer.although we did n't even consider or start using the deer off until late in the growing season , i really did n't notice any real control of the local critters , to give a fair assessment . we still have rabbits , but i have n't noticed as many squirels , except for the black walnut and apricot trees.i still catch lots of cats using our garden as a litter box , which really bothers me . i did pick up a fewlive traps , which has really helped in catching some of them . we have caught quite a few , but they breed just a fast and this has been an unchecked problem for decades out here.to give a better assessment of the deer off , i plan on using this next year , early on , so that i can see if it really does work . as of now , if it has helped with just the squirels , then i am willing to give it another shot . i will post an update when that time comes around .
= if it helps with just the squirels ...
< works well , but not the best

> after `` dolores clairborne '' , `` the green mile '' is without a doubt the best film adaption of a stephen king story . tom hanks plays a prison warden in florida during the great depression , and it is through hank 's character that we as an audience encounter many prison characters and prison officers , some good and some bad . the most interesting of all the characters in the film is john coffey , played brilliantly by michael clark duncan . coffey is serving time in prison for raping and murdering two girls . however , we soon discover that coffey is innocent . coffey also has special healing powers , and once we know coffey 's background and innocence we root for him in his survival from being killed on death row . `` the green mile '' is one of the greatest prison films of all-time , and it ranks up there with `` midnight express '' and `` the shawshank redemption '' . both `` the green mile '' and `` shawshank '' were directed by frank darabont and written by stephen king.the special features on this outstanding two disc set include commentary by darabount , two deleted scenes , a rare teaser trailer never before released , makeup tests of tom hanks , and michael clark duncan 's screen test . there is also an informative ninety minute documentary on the making of the movie . `` the green mile '' won four academy award nominations including best picture and best supporting actor for micheal clark duncan .
= `` the second best stephen king movie adaption ''
< the best film of a stephen king story

> i had high expectations when i received tide stain release . everyone seems to give it glowing reviews . unfortunately , i found that this product did n't work much better than just adding baking soda to my wash. first , the package states that you do n't need to wait for the pack to dissolve before adding the clothes . the first time i used the product i did this and unfortunately small bits of the pack where all over a dress in the wash. secondly , some reviews mention the wonderful smell . while the product does smell good , i did n't find that my wash smelled any fresher after using this . finally , the package states that it will remove existing stains . this was not the case . some existing stains that were on my daughter 's shirt remained after the wash. they did n't even get fainter . one positive , i was able to get watermelon juice out of a table cloth , though i think i could have also achieved this with color save bleach , which is much less expensive.save your money and just add baking soda to your wash to boost whites and use a stain stick to pretreat or color safe bleach in your wash. with tide stain release you will still need to pretreat your stains and the results are disappointing .
= disappointing
< not for me

> i like this kind of tampon - it 's one of my top picks . i like the regular - they are not too big and do n't hurt putting in or taking out . i 've never had a leak with them . they expand inside to make like a tulip shape sort of and this really helps if you get clots to keep them from causing leaks and stains because everything sort of gets caught in the middle . they are very absorbant.the applicator is plastic - i wish it was n't because they are bad for the environment , but they are also the most comfortable kind . they do n't stick you.the quality of playtex is consistently high . i 've never had problems opening one to find it was somehow messed up . the string is long enough and easy to grasp and they come out smoothly unlike some other kinds.i like to wear these swimming . i want to keep my pool nice , you know - and these give me the confidence that i swim and keep my pool clean . if you change them very soon after you get out , it 's no problem at all .
= does n't leak- i wear swimming
< great for the price

> i read one of lee child 's jack reacher novels quite awhile ago , and thought it might be worth checking out the others . i 've finally started to read them from the beginning , and i wonder why i waited so long . this book is jam-packed with action from cover to cover . jack reacher is the most understated rambo-type hero you 'll ever meet . this book is not for the faint of heart . there is a lot of very descriptive violence in here . the grammar is not of the highest calibre , but it does not detract from the story . and oh what a story it is ! we meet jack reacher - the guy with no id and no fixed address . as we read we find out about his background and life before he reached margrave , georgia . as soon as he reaches town he gets thrown into a conspiracy huger than anything he could have imagined . and he finds that he 's got to clean up a whole town which has been corrupted by a philanthropist and his foundation - mr. kliner . this is a humbdinger of a book .
= hang on for a wild ride !
< jack reacher is the best

> dutch and a team of commandos have been sent into a central american jungle to track down some missing airmen that were kidnapped by terrorists . by the time they get to the camp , the airmen have been butchered in a very violent fashion and the commandos retaliate on the terrorists ' camp . after that 's over , they wait for a helicopter to pick them up , but something strange begins to happen in the woods . it is n't long before the commandos start getting killed off and dutch and a girl from the camp , anna , are the only people left and fighting for their lives . but what they discover is too shocking for them to imagine . what 's been killing them is the predator , an alien that hunts rare species and make his trophies out of their skulls . and human beings are the new species he has discovered . when i first saw this movie in 1987 , i said to myself , what in the world is that . predator is the classic action movie .
= predator ( full-screen edition )
< the classic action movie

> so here we have a small can of energy drink . did i feel particularly energetic after drinking it ? it 's infused with various `` herbs of the week '' that are supposed to give one energy , etc . it 's also got caffeine . so in theory i should be bouncing off the walls after drinking it , but i was n't . that 's ok , thought , because i did enjoy the taste , which was a lovely apple juice flavor , and to me that 's the most important part of drinking something . mind you , it 's a small container for a high price and frankly i can just eat and apple or buy apple juice that 's cheaper , but still.it 's possibly worth noting that this is apparently something from jamba juice , though the drink itself is made by nestle , which has n't always had the most savory corporate practices . but , hey , it tastes good and that 's what matters to me .
= quite tasty !
< good taste , but not a good taste

> this is unique , a film unlike any i 've seen before . it features either calm discussions ( most of the film ) or intense , insane action . most of the film , surprisingly , is talk ... and i found the conversations fascinating . this movie also looks fantastic on blu-ray ... ... a real treat for the eyes.after the ultra-violent kill bill vol . 1 , this movie was shock . there is no shouting in here , no yelling , just a few very sick killers with good vocabularies talking to one another . it sounds boring , but it was n't to me . even the trailer-trash lowlife played by michael madsen , had a good way with the words.the violence in here is not that prevalent , and it 's not the brain- numbing kind that made up most of the vol . 1 in this two-part story.yeah , i liked this stylish film . it 's good storytelling , and it 's definitely one to get on blu-ray .
= love the dialogue & blu-ray sharpness
< stylish , but not great

> i received a kindle fire hd for mothers day and after an initial charge via my laptop i hightailed it over to best buy and bought this . while i consider it a little irritating that this was not included with the fire since my kindle3 came with a wall charger , it became obvious after the initial charge that i needed an adaptor that would give me the quicker charge that i need.operation is easy . insert the cable into the adaptor and plug the adaptor into a power strip or wall socket . in an hour or two the kindle is fully charged and ready to go.since i basically use this kindle as an ereader and i read a lot , this gets me by wherever i go . if you are an eager beaver and want quick gratification , this beats charging through a laptop . it also facilitates charging away from home since i generally take an ipad when i travel .
= an absolutely essential accessory for the kindle fire hd
< easy to use , easy to use

> although a long movie that has a lone actor in much of the film i was thoroughly engrossed the second time watching . it is definitely a & quot ; thinking movie & quot ; and comes close to being a romance although there is n't enough time to really develop relationships with other characters . a very challenging premise , this movie could have easily turned out to be a boring disappointment , but the challenge was met and the film shines.hanks must act with himself and develops a relationship with & quot ; wilson & quot ; on the island , which turns out to be an experience well worth watching and reflecting about.man is not programed to be alone , he ( we ) can not stand isolation and must find a way to relate to someone ( or something ) . hanks performance is very convincing and this film is a very strong recommendation .
= excellent and unique
< a very good movie

> while this pineapple corer is simple to disassemble and works well enough i think it is a poor fit for the oxo brand . in order to work properly , you must continually apply pressure and twist the device into the pineapple . without releasing the pressure or lifting your hand off , you then twist the ratcheting head until the desired length is reached . if i had the grip strength to continually apply that pressure i probably would n't need oxo products . the device and i attacked a few pineapples . the result was half a dozen rings and a large jar of shreds and juice . as promised , the ratcheting was smooth and disassembly for cleaning was simple . i think the pineapple slicer is well designed for the average user , but if you buy oxo products because of diminished grip strength stick to cutting your pineapple by hand .
= requires hand strength
< simple to use , but not as good as oxo

> the blair witch project i have to admit made me queasy and light-headed when i saw this in the movie theatre back in 1999. i had to run out of the theatre , well ok maybe it did n't scare me that much , must have been that shaky camera that made me sick but as i walked back in to see the climax , i actually enjoyed this fake , strange little film . i was n't aware the premise of the film was n't real until weeks later but it did the trick for me . first of all , the ending had me shaking in my boots . oh god , that awful actress heather donahue will probably make you hate this movie but it 's a great and original film . you will love or hate it . i am glad i gave this film a chance .
= still scary !
< a great film

> i 'm happy to see some companies still make quality consumer level switches for those of us who still prefer a wired connection if possible . this tp-link 5 port switch is gigabit , so you wo n't outgrow the bandwidth anytime soon . it has 5 ports , which are ideal for small networks such as mine . i use it to connect my roku and bluray player to my network via wired . it seems to help with the lag times on using netflix and amazon on demand . for the price , the switch is a good investment . it seems to be built good , and does n't get very hot at all , which is a good thing around other electronics than need some cool air flowing around them . all in all , i like it .
= great little switch that gets the job done
< good switch

> the sixth sense is a mildly entertaining movie , though not as much as the hype led it up to be . haley joel osment gives a great peformance as cole sear , a young boy who can see ghosts . he is better than most adult actors , despite his age , and delivers a phenomenal performance in this movie . bruce willis , though not at his strongest , was also good . one thing that really caught the eye was the screenplay : it was imaginative and eventful , and had many interesting twists to it . m. night shyamalan really pulls something off with this movie , and , though it was worthy of it 's best picture nomination , was not something which , i repeat , lived up to the hype given it .
= the sixth sense ( 1999 )
< a mildly entertaining movie

> the final book is just as great as the first two books in the series and what a series this turned out to be . every secret is revealed , every question will be answered and the drama continues to the very end . there are parts that will make you laugh out loud and then have you saying what in the world . we get to see why brandon went from the sweet man to the cocky man full of secrets and lies . this book has a twist no one will see coming with an ending that leaves you satisfied . i recommend this series to anyone who loves a great steamy read full of drama , sex , lies , secrets and twists that will have you hooked until the very end .
= the ex games 3
< great series

> `` the prestige '' was made in 2006 and the time the action starts is the dawn of the 20th century . the story is about the obsession between rival magicians robert angier ( hugh jackman ) and alfred borden ( christian bale ) who endeavor to reveal each other 's secrets . the competition escalates and the two illusionists start performing riskier tricks that turn deadly.the ending is just not expected or satisfying . the complexity of the movie requires the audience to hang on every word and scene . overall the movie is interesting , sometimes thrilling and exciting , and worth the watch . scarlett johansson , michael caine and david bowie also star in this movie about the dark-side of magic
= dark magic that is hard to understand -
< interesting , exciting , and exciting

> i 'm really surprised how nice tea tastes in this glass mug . i 'm so used to ceramic mugs and plastic tumblers . this is nice though.the double wall glass keeps the tea warm and does n't burn your hand.i guess my only complaint is that the design of the lid only takes bagged tea into account ( and only bags with strings ) . i rarely drink tea that way . i usually either drink loose leaf tea or sometimes bags , but with no strings.that 's a small gripe though.otherwise the look and feel are very nice . and having a lid to place the bag ( even a loose leaf bag ) is handy .
= very pleasant tea mug
< nice tea

> this was applied properly , but it does not really lather up . rather than a luxurious foam , it kind of leaves a thin coat . for very sensitive skin , it is probably a good idea to use this as it is very gentle and possiblymore gentle than other shaving creams on the market . on a positive note , the smell is very clean and light and not overly cloying . the aloe moisturizer is excellent and the skin feels nice and smooth afterward.but , overall , edge makes a product that is preferred .
= does not facilitate a close shave
< gentle and clean

> this smells so gooooood ! even after a few days clothes , blankets , sheets , towels and anything you wash with this smells great . i usually purchase tide since their detergent does an excellent job of cleaning our laundry . thought we would mix it up and get this with a different scent . i even get asked on the street what i am wearing ( perfume ) but its just my laundry detergent . overall a great product with a great fresh scent from febreze .
= smells great ... .
< smells great !

> i thought that this product would be great since i buy flavor enhanced water . i tried different sequences of trying to make the drink taste better . it did not taste as good as it claims . i added a sweet -n-low to it and it actually taste a lot better . i rather do the crystal lite it tastes a whole lot better compared to this . stars because if you put enough in it and add the sugar it will taste a little better .
= good idea
< not bad

> secret clinical strength deodorant is an extra strong deodorant for everyday use and more ! what 's great about this deodorant is it does n't leave white streaks , or that thick chalky feeling . plus it 's waterproof so it 's great for work outs , a dip in the pool , or a night out dancing . this is an excellent deodorant with a fresh scent that lasts all day long and i would highly recommend it !
= an extra strength deoderant that great for everyday !
< strong deodorant for everyday use !

> i was skeptical at first when i heard this was a historical romance . but just two chapters in , i was hooked . there is a lot of description and verbage but it never stalled . i could hardly put it down despite the long descriptions of battles , life in 18th century scotland , etc . it was a refreshing book in a sea of such drivel being written today .
= blown away by the book !
< a refreshing historical romance

> i really like this brand , the bonus is also that the pill is small to take and easy to swallow . after taking these for 2 weeks , i have not noticed a difference . not sure if i need to take the whole bottle ? it ca n't be harmful so i will keep taking , and possibly order another hoping to see improvement .
= i like jarrow but no change that i notice
< good product

> this movie is not bad , the special effects are good and the acting is very good , kids will love it , adults will be mildly entertained . i found it to be very uninteresting and predictable in spots , not worth the money for a purchase . i hope that the books are more interesting than this movie .
= good special effects but its still greasy kid 's stuff
< good movie

> i have been waiting for this book and was so excited to get it . maybe too excited i read it all in one sitting that very day . it was n't as powerful emotionally to me as the first , but still a good read to find out what happens next .
= not as emotional as the first
< good read

> i really loved this story . i loved hat even though jake was a man-whore he was patient and gentle with abby . th story had happiness , sexiness , laughter , sadness , but most of all lots of love !
= beautiful
< loved it !

> i work out at the gym a few days a week and i prefer something a little stronger to put on . usually heavy sweating wears through the antiperspirant smell . not so with speed stick .
= for gym days
< works well

> while this book was short it was jammed packed with sexy andrew goodness . he is is becoming one of my top book boyfriends . man i ca n't wait till the next book .
= worth the wait
< wow

> i really enjoyed this story and it 's unexpected twist and turns . i 'm looking forward to the second book in this series to see how lane and noel work everything out .
= this story has heart !
< great story

> will smith is a great actor . he did a great job in this movie . i felt for him being alone in the world . just him and his dog .
= great movie
< great movie

> we recently went on a long weekend ( 5 day ) vacation to water country usa & busch gardens and made sure to pack the banana boat protect and hydrate sunscreen lotion . there is nothing worse than starting vacation after a long cold winter , and getting fried by the sun on the first day , then have to contend with sunburn ( or worse have one of your kids suffer through it ) . so to make sure we remained good to go , the banana boat sunscreen was always close at hand.before hitting either park we would `` juice up '' in the room , and then head out for a day of fun in the sun . the banana boat is a pretty slim bottle and took up almost no room in the bag we toted through the amusment park , and kept us well protected . with a second application after lunch we were good to go until the sun went down.at the water park we kept the sunscreen handy by out towels and would occassionally apply a fresh coating after spending time in the lazy river , or going down a bunch of the slides . again , the banana boat kept us sunburn free , the whole time.jumping back and forth between parks over a several days , i figured that at some point we would need to re-stock on sunscreen , but the banana boat lasted the whole trip , with enough left for another application or two . love the scent ( it 's the smell of summer ) , and love the protection . make sure you definately take a tube or two when going on vacation this year .
= 1 bottle , 4 people , 5 active days
< love the scent , but not a good price

> when witten the time traveler 's wife won critical acclaim and becamea new times bestseller . now , thanks to stellar performances by two gifted actors we can enjoy this unique love story in a different way . if you 're familiar with the story , as i am , you 'll find new pleasure in hearing this narration . if you 've not read the printed book , this is an excellent introduction to niffenegger 's imaginative tale.in a nutshell it 's the story of two people , clare and henry , who are very much in love . they marry with the hopes that all of us share - satisfying professional lives , good friends , children , growing old together . however , there is one uncommon thing about this particular couple - henry suffers from chrono-displacement disorder , an affliction that causes his genetic clock to reset itself so that henry finds himself displaced in time.the persona of henry , sometimes bemused , often reconciled is superbly interpreted by william cooper . his voice is low , distinct , his narration perfectly paced . a veteran of film and the broadway stage , this canadian born actor was a new york times critics pick for his role in aliens.actress laurel lefkow is winning as she relates clare 's viewpoint . her pleasingly husky voice is touchingly tremulous when she describes how she waits for henry , asking `` why is love intensified by absence ? `` these two actors perform a graceful vocal pas de deux as they relate `` the time traveler 's wife . `` - gail cooke
= a perfect pairing for this voice performance
< a unique love story

> twilight is a pretty accurate representation of the popular book but that does n't necessarily mean it 's a good thing . while i thouroughly enjoyed the book , there was n't much going on in the beginning-or middle . the same goes for the film.i have to give props to robert pattison for his spot on performance of the famous edward cullen . he looked the part and he played it very well . he was exactly as i imagined him to be . kristen stewart as new girl bella was slightly dissapointing . she did a fair job but she was n't how i pictured her-look-wise or personality- wise.the rest of the cullens were interesting and looked good playing vampires . the look and feel of the film fits perfectly with the tone of the novel . there is a constant gloomy hue throughout the film which i loved.the special effects were ok. but on an unbelievable slim budget , i thought they did a pretty good job of it . they take a back seat anyway since it is really the relationship between edward and bella that make up most of the film.i did like this film , alot , but i wo n't go so far as to say i loved it-no matter how much i loved the entire twlight series . but , for the first film in the series , it 's a pretty nice start .
= surprisingly similar to the book
< a pretty accurate start

> kill bill volume 2 has less action and less blood squirting but has a stronger story , drama and more dialogue than volume 1. in volume 2 , uma thurman is still on her hunt for bill ( david carradine ) . first though she needs to take out his brother budd ( michaal madsen ) and the one eyed elle driver ( daryl hannah ) .it 's slower with too much dialogue some might think but the dialogue is still always entertaining . especially the lines delivered by david carradine and michael madeson . carradine does his best work i think and makes you wonder why he 's not in more movies . he definetly gives one of the best supporting performances this year so far . although uma was n't nominated for the first vol she should be for this one as well . she does some of her best work here as well . the only problem i had is a small one . the fight with the bride and bill at the end is way too short and their dialogue lasts longer . still surprisingly it 's not anti-climatic and reminds me sort of the way a westen show-down would end . quentin tarantino shows in this half that he was n't out to just make kun-fu blood bath . this second half is where all the drama and stronger story can be found .
= the better half
< kill bill volume

> a skillful space-faring overdose of adrenaline , if not really my idea of a star trek film . into darkness has the makings of a curvy , complicated red tape thriller , but its predictability , superficiality and outright refusal to go more than five minutes between jump-cut-loaded action scenes halts the germination of that seed relatively early . with the exception of big-bad benedict cumberbatch , who manages to be both admirable and despicable in even doses , the film is thoroughly overacted and the touches of fan service that i so relished in the 2009 reboot seem far more forced and unnecessary the second time around . there 's also a notable lack of gravitas to the proceedings , in my opinion one of the hallmarks of the series , with an unfamiliar trigger-happy temperament lending the impression of an adult who 's regressed into a period of renewed adolescence . that 's not to say it is n't enjoyable : the action sets , though frequent , are constantly fresh and exciting , while its daring in even-handedly tackling the subject of a 23rd century terrorist is progressive and topical . i merely found myself wishing for a bit more meat and a smaller serving of kicks , punches and phasers .
= a large-scale , if action-drowned , space epic
< a good overdose of adrenaline

> this is a wonderful product , and i am not one who dines at taco bell . i used to eat there when i was younger in college , but have not in years , so i was pleased to try this product and find that it was great ! first , i like that the bottle is not so huge because the taste will stay fresh instead of getting stale from lack of use . i have many dressings and toppings etc . in my 'fridge , so it 's nice to have a smaller bottle.second , the taste is excellent . i love the creamy texture , and it has just a little `` heat '' from the chipolte flavoring to be interesting but not too hot.i used this on a home made taco salad , but i also used it as a sauce on a noodle dish i made that was like a south of the border spaghetti - grandchildren like noodles , so we made noodles and taco flavored meat and this sauce with a few veggies thrown in and had a mexican style noodle dinner that they loved ! so i highly recommend this product !
= great taste !
< great taste , great taste !

> well again arnold makes us love and hate robots . great action and special effects , and even good acting make this well worth buying . i only wish the advanced robot he is up against was a little more animated . for an improved model that was used to fool humans she did n't seem as believable as arnold . not enough dialog for her.the story line is good , we see john as an adult hiding from life and travelling around to prevent any records of his existence . even though they destroyed skynet , he is not sure it could be prevented . his training from his mother sarah and his own instincts pay off . some incredible chase sequences will keep you glued to your seat.the two disc set is loaded with extras . the sound and picture quality is incredible . none better . you will almost feel like you are in the movie . on a big screen high definition tv it is like being at the theater . i highly recommend this widescreen edition . any fan of terminator movies or schwarzenegger will love it as a gift .
= you are terminated !
< arnold makes us love and hate robots

> let me preface by saying that i 'm actually quite picky about my antiperspirants . i love in phoenix and have to be . some just do n't cut it . i also suspect that this dove deodorant is aimed for women , but i 'm comfortable enough to try it . in any case , the fragrance is a light cocoa scent that is maybe a dash more powdery than a male scent , but not floral or overly feminine . i think it smells great , not too strong , not too light.the stick slides on smooth and clear . i had no issues with the 'flecks ' that another reviewer mentioned and so far no white marks on my black shirts , although i 'm very careful when applying any stick deodorant.admittedly it 's only the beginning of april and & # 34 ; only & # 34 ; 89 or so degrees , so i have n't had the chance yet to test this in our 120 summers , but so far it gets my approval . no wetness , no bo . long-lasting . smells great . i 'm satisfied !
= no complaints
< great fragrance , no bo , no bo

> i was intrigued by this product when it was offered through the vine program . my first impression was that it was tea formulated to taste like vegetable broths . that turned out to be pretty close.there are few real differences between the six flavors . i will say that by the time i tried the last one , beet cabbage , the teas had grown on . i saved beet cabbage for last because it did n't sound appetizing . it was much better , as were the others , than i expected.i can see this product being used in a variety of ways . for one thing , it is a satisfying tea . i often drink tea in the late afternoon , and these fit right into that regimen . i can also see these being used if someone is on a light diet because of illness or choice . finally , it occurred to me several times that these teas could be used in place of vegetable broth for cooking and baking.i would n't call these teas flavorful , but they are definitely versatile . i would buy this product again .
= hmm ... better than i thought
< versatile tea

> i dont know about everybody else , but i didnt see what the fuss was about with this film . maybe i was just biased with lord of the rings , which was by far the better film last year , but i didnt like this film that much . i think one true mark of a good film is if there are memorable scenes . i can only think of two scenes in this movie that i consider memorable : the bar scene where he figures out his equation , and near the end when the guy from the nobel peace prize shows up . he greets the professor who immediately stops one of his students to ask him if he can see someone where this representative was . that was a memorable scene . but it just seemed to be a slow movie to me that i didnt enjoy as much . then again , i really didnt want this movie to win best picture . lord of the rings deserved that honor .
= i didnt like it that much
< i didnt like it

> `` forever too far '' is a great read . it was absolutely hard to put down once i started reading it . rush was so lovable in this book and it seems like he had it the hardest . you will absolutely find yourself loving him more in this book ; you will fall in love with everyone but nan . she has not changed in this book at all ; if anything she has gotten worse . the book ends with a hea but i did n't care for the ending . i know the ending to this book is the opening for other characters in the book but i feel like it just i was reading and it just ended . the ending seems to come out of nowhere . however even though i was not satisfied with the ending this is a great series and i will definitely read it again . i would love to see glimpses of blaire and rush 's life incorporated in future character books .
= forever too far
< forever too far

> alfred hitchcock 's 1960 film psycho is best known for its unforgettable score and infamous shower scene which at the time of its release the most graphic murder scene ever filmed . but psycho is so much than just a slasher film . it is an intensely compelling psychological thriller that draws you in with its riveting plot and first rate acting . anthony perkins is requisitely creepy as motel owner norman bates , but he adds so much more to the character . what could have been just a one-dimensional role , mr. perkins approaches it with depth and makes you wonder how norman became the man he was . janet leigh is striking as marion crane who decides to steal $ 40,000.00 and ends up meeting her doom at the bates motel . vera miles , john gavin and the great martin balsam all provide tremendous support . psycho set the standard by which all subsequent horror films are to be judged .
= make a stop at the bates motel
< the best horror film of all time

> although i 'm not a huge vanilla fan , i do n't mind it once in a while . i decided to try this flavor because i do love chocolate & since it said `` chocolatey '' vanilla i thought it was worth a shot . it was pretty good . although i could see some chocolate i did n't taste much while eating it . the vanilla was there for sure though . quite a bit of it so if you 're a fan of vanilla you should love it.this is the 2nd type of these slimfast bars that i 've tried & i thought they were both pretty good . they 're not too hard as some of these types of bars tend to be . they 're the perfect amount of crunch & chewiness in my opinion . i 'd recommend giving these bars a try . i think they do a good job of satisfying your sweet craving .
= pretty good ...
< not bad

> i suppose the first test for this dog food would be the dogs . but i have to qualify this by saying our dogs will eat anything -- including things that are non-edible , so their opinions are n't really valid ! yes , they did eat it and seemed to like it . we currently feed proplan lamb and rice and our dogs thrive on it . the chef michael 's food , also made by purina , has a lot of fillers in it . i like proplan much better . it is actually cheaper than the chef michael 's blend . i did some comparisons on the ingredients of the proplan and this dog food and we will stick with the proplan . we will use the rest of this for dog treats but i am not really impressed with the ingredients or the price .
= not terribly impressed
< our dogs love it

> i was excited to try these apple clusters as i am always looking for new healthy snacks . these are pretty tasty . they are sweetened with app , e juice and you can definitely tell in the aftertaste . not a bad aftertaste to have . sometimes the sweetness was a bit too much . they really do n't have too use that much to sweeten the clusters as apples are already sweet enough.it is a great snack but the price is a bit too expensive . for the small amount of product in the bag , i will not be buying this item . it is just not cost effective . i can get an entire box of clif bars for less than the price of this product .
= good snack , too sweet sometimes
< tasty , but not cost effective

> i am not a big sci-fi fan . i am not a big western fan . so when i heard about the plot for firefly i was not interested . but at my husband 's urging , i watched it . and within 10 minutes , i fell in love ( okay , just the theme music got me ) . and then i wanted to kill my husband when he said it was off the air and only had 12 episodes ! this is simply one of the very best shows i have ever seen . excellent writing . excellent cast . excellent humor . excellent drama . excellent music . need i go on ?
= one of the best shows i 've ever seen .
< excellent writing

> death is the narrator of this magnificent book that tells the story of liesel , a 9 year old girl in nazi germany who finds a book at her brothers gravesite that fires her passion for reading . the only way that she can get more books is to steal them , which she does . she shares all of her literary treasures with everyone , including max , a jewish man who is hiding in her basement . this story shows us the power of the written word to provide hope , and the amazing capacity of human beings to build friendships that can flourish in a world gone mad .
= beauty in an ugly world
< the power of the power of liesel

> this granola is a mix of rolled oats and semi-sweet chocolate chunks . i could n't find a description on the bag as to whether it 's a snack or a cereal . as a snack , it 's a bit dry for my taste and is n't as sweet as the delicious quaker 100 % natural , but i quite enjoyed it with milk . its crunchy texture is just right and the chocolate is a treat . if you like granola , this is a good one . a good source of fiber .
= tasty
< a mix of rolled oats and chocolate chunks

> love it , firy hot spicy with a kick at the end.large jar 21.5 oz . no preservatives . 28 calories per 1 table spoon.update , i love this stuff- i normally do n't go for many spicy things , or dips ( maybe a little blue cheese now and then ) yet this sauce has this neat way of a shot of spice then cools down to normal , i have dipped all kinds of meat and fake crab and just plain toast in it.like the jar says , sweet heat .
= yummy
< love it , love it , love it

> well , i love proby and her books and i simly cant wait for her next books . that said , i felt that i needed more from matt , the story was good but it was missing something , cant put my finger on it . also , needed more from the gang . maybe it was too short and everything had to happen too fast , i dont knos , but even with that i loved what proby gave us , matt was simply hot .
= great but something missing
< i love proby and matt !

> what a great musical made even greater on blu ray disc ! ! ! the picture and and sound quality are incredible , as well as lots of choice extras ! ! ! ! ! ! a great film all around , i can definatlely see why this got the best picture statue for 2002 ! ! ! great acting from all ! ! ! simply awesome ! ! ! it will razzle dazzle you ! ! ! i just love blu ray disc ! ! !
= this classic musical on blu ray disc will razzle dazzle you ! ! !
< great musical ! ! !

> this coffee tastes pretty good . i find that coffee sometimes hurts my stomach , and this low acid version did n't give me that usual burning feeling after drinking it that i get from my usual brand . i think there is some flavor trade-off ; it tastes a little weaker and lacks some character of some bigger name coffees . however i think if coffee bothers you though , this is a really good product .
= tastes like mild everyday coffee
< tastes good , but not great

> wow ! all i can say is what a good crazy emotional read , made you cry and laugh . very different type of book and it was nice to have a different story . i 'm so glad a friend of mine suggested it ! just be aware that it is emotional and hits sensitive topics , really great book ! right now it 's $ .99 that 's a steal for such a great book !
= sensitive topics , but a great read !
< wow !

> i have been wanting to read this book for awhile now . and caught it on sale . now that i 'm done i 'm kicking myself wishing i would have read it earlier . it was really good . and now i 'm super excited for the next one . i just love biker stories . and this one did not disappoint .
= where can i find a horse ?
< loved it !

> this movie is everything you 've heard it is . violent . graphic . accurate . emotional . everyone will look at the movie through some kind of spiritual viewpoint . mine is that this is the man who came to save mankind through the sacrifice of his death and suffering . i recommend that you read the book .
= the passion of christ for us
< violent

> the fact that most of the story is told in the dark makes it so much hotter . everything sexual touch was done in such detail . it would have been easy to write it in simple terms , but it was written with so much intensity.my love of elevators scenes in books just grew after reading this .
= very hot
< so much hotter

> this was a quick read . the whole kidnapping storyline did not bing a whole lot to the story . i wanted more of reed and sin . i also thought it was funny there was no more about jesse telling his parents his secret or sin telling reed about sela . oh well , it was entertaining .
= quick witty read
< quick read

> this book was more than i expected ! ! ! i loved the multiple story lines . i loved that the author gave us everything and did n't leave us hanging with unanswered questions . this was a complete story and i loved it ! ! !
= loved this book ! ! ! !
< a must read ! ! !

> emotionally touching ! hurt , tragedy , guilt , pain , love are some of the emotions swirling around this story but most of all it is one of hope and a hea ! a great second book of the ruin series .
= emotionally touching ...
< emotionally touching !

> finding your true love after all those years is amazing . finding out both of them thought the other was to blame and working it out . getting rid of all their demons and finding true love . well worth it
= loved it
< wow

> not a whole lot to say about this device . it 's not top of the line but atthis price you should be completely satisfied with it . i 've had no problems or complaints .
= adequate
< not a fan

> just as good if not better than the first in this series.talented writer . give me more ! the story was soooooaddicting .
= excellent sequel
< loved it !

> i like this 'orange tangerine ' more than the other two of these drinks i reviewed previously : it tastes probably the least sweet of all three , but still a little too sweet-carbonated for me . it advertises 'no sugar added ' and '100 % juice carbonated ' and 'no preservatives ' , so i was expecting some sweet ~ this drink tastes like carbonated , watered-down orange juice , but it 's actually a pretty good flavor , and packs 140 calories , 34g sugar and 36g carbs in a 'no sugar added'-'no corn syrup'- 'no preservatives'-'no artificial colors'-'gluten free ' drink ! i would expect that from a juice like apple or cranberry , but i would also expect it to taste a bit more natural , and this one , like i said above , tastes like carbonated orange juice with tangerine ~ it 's nice tasting , but too much in the way of calories & such for me to drink this very often.it was certainly good , but for the tastebuds of someone who was a lifelong soda drinker ( diet soda for the past 12 years ) , and gave up soda a year ago ( i very occasionally drink a carbonated beverage now ) this is not the drink for me . i mostly drink water , milk , iced tea , hot tea & coffee now , and this sweet tasting , sugary tasting beverage , had way too much carbonation & flavoring for me ! the orange tangerine flavors were nice but still tasted fake , which is weird for a drink that touts things like '100 % juice ' and a label that says 'natural flavors ' ... i would recommend this product only to those who like somewhat sweet , fruitie carbonated beverages ... enjoy !
= quite tasty & enjoyable , sweet carbonated beverage !
< good , but not the best

> the purina beneful original dog food was delivered and my dog saw the big bag of food he was so excited . our dog champ has a hearty appetite so we just knew he would love this , but it took him awhile to actually like it because he would only eat a little and then walk away but eventually he would return to finish eating . the next time i fed it to him i opened up a can of his other dog food and spruced it up just a little for him . my experiment of mixing in one of his favorite canned food and i put most of the canned food in the middle and on the bottom of his bowl and this got him a little bit more excited about purina beneful . i think that beneful will take maybe a few tries before your dog will start to really enjoy it but i think that the ingredients are healthy enough for champ and i want him to receive all of the benefits that purina beneful has to offer.he does appear to be a little more lively than usual and i want to attribute that to the change in his diet , but i 'm not entirely sure . i love that my dog is happy and has an extra spring in his step , so i 'll keep feeding him this until he is n't interested anymore or if there is a negative change in behavior . i like this food for my dog , but it needs a little more oomph to get dogs immediately excited .
= my dog likes it ! !
< my dog champ

> *sighs* why am i not surprised miss lauren left us with a damn cliffhanger . do n't authors know that really kills me ? clay that boy has a naughty streak inside his fine a** , & # 34 ; he met her gaze straight on , her green eyes so inviting . & # 34 ; if it 's a drink , no . if purple snow globe is a secret code word for something naughty , i 'm game. & # 34 ; the boy is a take charge kind of boy , & # 34 ; yeah . i think i 'll put out for you tonight , & # 34 ; he said , then stalked closer , his solid body nearing hers , erasing space between them as he cupped her cheeks in his hands , and captured her mouth in a hot , wet kiss. & # 34 ; julia knows how to show appreciation to clay when warranted , & # 34 ; i am glad you squeezed me in , & # 34 ; she said , her hand darting to the waistband of his pants . & # 34 ; now , have i successfully convince you to take these off and spend the night with me ? i 'm not much of a cook , but i do know where i can take you tomorrow morning from some fantastic pancakes. & # 34 ; apart from the cliffhanger i enjoyed this book and i ca n't wait to see how their story ends .
= clay
< i cliffhanger

> oh what an album . by this stage the beatles could barely talk to each other let alone make a record . somehow out of disunity came this masterpiece of an album.from the opening track 'come together ' ( lennon ) through 'something ' ( harrison ) 'oh darling ' ( mccartney ) 'here comes the sun ' ( harrison ) and finishing with the medley this is an album which combines great song-writing and performances of the highest quality . of course george martin also deserves enormous credit for his production work , as the sound of this album is a contributing factor to its greatness . i do n't suppose the working atmosphere for george martin was that great ! i was 8 when this album came out and have happy memories of my mum & dad playing it at parties in the late sixties and early 70 's . my dad ( rip ) was a stalwart jazz and blues fan who would soon tell where to go if you started advocating the latest pop album . not the beatles though , help , sgt pepper and abbey road were all in his collection.it does n't matter what sort of music you favour be it baroque , be-bop , gilbert and sullivan ( as it happens i like bach , charlie parker and the mikado ) , this is an album that should be in your collection , along with most of the other beatles albums as well .
= the beatles finish on top
< the best album of the year

> got this the other day and have been mixing it with my dogs regular food so as not to be an abrupt change and let me tell you she loves this food . it 's dry but soft and puffy but it 's nice to see some veggie like looking pieces in a dry dog food . i can smell the sirloin beefyness more than any other dog food i 've come across.i do like the fact that it is made by purina which is my favorite company for my pet foods and i like the fact that i can give maxine something that tastes good and not like saw dust . i use just a bit more of this that her usual food because it is puffy already but if i compacted it i 'm sure it would come to just a wee bit less that what she usually eats.my only problem with most dog foods this one included is the amount of crude fat . even though my baby is only eleven pounds and a bit small so does n't really need to worry about a few extra calories it does stand that it would be nice to see more protien and less crude fat in the current dog foods out there . my baby likes this and that counts for quite a bit . better than giving her table food which i do not believe in .
= my dog loves this !
< my baby loves it

> casino royale is easily one of the best james bond movies ever made.not since sean connery has an actor boldly stepped into the role to put his personal stamp on it , bringing both charisma and brute force at the same time . for all the internet belly-aching about choosing daniel craig for 007 , this has to be a major triumph for him . ( lazenby only did one . roger moore took three films to establish himself . timothy dalton never found bond 's sense of humor . pierce brosnan also had an impressive debut ... but then the stories ran dry after that ) .everything worked in casino royale for me and i 've been a bond fan for my entire life.i reread the original novel last week and appreciated how much of the story appeared in the film ( for a change ! ) , as well as the screenwriters ' enhancements and developments . an excellent job of adaption ! eva green , who was so smokin ' hot in the dreamers , is much more than the usual eye candy . the humor was restrained but pointed ( `` your name is stephanie broadchest '' is a great line ) and the action close-quartered and tough.i plan on seeing it again and will definitely add it to my 007 dvd collection when it comes out.bond blasts his way into the 21st century !
= stunning debut for daniel craig
< casino royale

> for several months a year we have a rabbits come and go throughout our yard during the night . although they do n't seem to be doing any damage , they leave behind `` beans '' ( poop ) that my dog always seems to think she needs to eat . of course we pull her back from the piles of beans but every now and then she 'll get one . it absolutely disgusts us . we decided to give this repellent a try and have n't seen any new piles of `` beans '' since then . yay ! i ca n't say for certain that this works for all the other animals listed but it certainly seems to have repelled the rabbits.our only problem with this product was when we went to use it for the first time . nothing came out . we kept trying and re-reading the directions but nothing seemed to work . eventually we took the item to our sink and took the hose out and squeezed the entire length of the hose . there was a clot in the hose that once we got past that section it worked perfectly . no problems since then . it 's very easy to use.if you have a rabbit problem , i would certainly recommend this product .
= yay ! no more `` rabbit beans '' to entice my dog ...
< my dog loves it

> personally i prefer sunscreen that smells of cocoa butter , but this was n't bad . it has a generic sort of soapy smell that was n't strong . ( results may vary . i just sat down and read what others experienced and apparently their bottles were overly perfumed . our sample was not . ) i 'm not sure i understand the benefit of the cooling . usually i put lotion on the kids before we go outside , and little bodies are not hot at that point . in fact , little and bigger bodies object to feeling colder . though i will admit that when i go to re-apply the lotion , and it 's steamy hot , that i enjoy the sensation.a nice product , when it comes out of the tube it 's white , but soon disappears as you rub it around . i would use it , except for faces , where you run the risk of it mixing with sweat and water and running into the eyes . the waxy stick sunscreens are superior in this area.pam t~mom/fur-mom
= works , and it 's not greasy
< not bad , but not great

> okay , so i have this book 5 stars because of the last quarter of the book . i think i hated cathy the whole book . she was certifiably crazy throughout until the end . ben was the dream husband , loving and crazy for his wife . i loved him and felt he was the ultimate victim in this book . i shed tears for him . cathy certainly did n't deserve his desire and dedication . arsen was bipolar the whole time . he was what sparked her life but i knew he was going to pull the scrap he did . i did n't realize how altruistic he was until the end . but i do n't feel sorry for him at all . needless to say i was sucked into the drama by the middle and could n't put it down no matter how angry i was at cathy . the ending has me speechless . i will ponder this book for a while . please keep with this book . by the end you will be befuttled and speechless .
= befuttled
< speechless

> let me first say that i did like the product , but it is kind of hard to write an enthusiastic review for a bottle of water -i like the idea of caffeinated water because i live in a hot climate . in the summer , it is way too hot to drink coffee in the morning . it just does n't make sense to get into a hot car and drink a hot beverage ... .ugh . i do n't like soda but i need that caffeine jolt first thing in the morning to get my synapses firing . this water seems like the perfect solution.the first sip i had , i feel like it had a strange under-taste . it was n't unpleasant or lingering , just different . but i wonder if i was imagining it because i knew that the water had caffeine in it , because by the 3rd sip , i could n't taste it anymore . it was cold and refreshing and gave me the boost i needed to fight traffic.good product !
= excellent ( for a bottle of water )
< too hot for me

> these cookies are so tasty ! when i got them they were a little melted from shipping in the hot sun , so i put them in the fridge . when i pulled them out and ate them cold they were really great . i have a huge sweet tooth and i was pleasantly surprised to find out that these cookies were enough to satisfy it . my only complaint is that i expected the fudge in the center of the cookies to be more liquidy because of the packaging which says 'chewy gooey ' but they were still delicious and i would purchase them again . i received both this flavor and the chocofudge . they were both great , but i prefer the chocofudge better .
= delicious
< tasty , but not great

> this is the best disposable razor i 've ever tried . it gives a close shave and i have shaved my legs with it twice . it still has a bit of that feel that a disposable gives you . the gel strip works well and makes my skin feel more comfortable.this schick is my new favorite disposable razor.my favorite razor overall is a schick quattro trim style , i just love the battery operation and the trimmer on the other end of the handle.schick quattro for women trimstyle razor & bikini trimmer pink/whitebut i do n't take that everywhere , sometimes i want to take a disposable razor instead . for the travel bag , these hyrdro silks are simply the best !
= best disposable i 've ever tried
< the best disposable razor i 've ever tried

> i love tea - all different brands and flavors , weak or strong and finally i have met my match . these all tasted like weak broths and not very appetizing . some even have a peppery aftertaste , because that is part of their ingredients . they all were a bit better with sweetener than without , but that still was not good enough to drink.as an experiment when i made ice tea i added one bag of these flavors to the regular black tea that i make ice tea with and it did add a different taste , not so much better but different and certainly not good enough to purchase it for that purpose .
= tea or weak broth ?
< weak

> the village is a complete mess ! even joaquin phoenix and judy greer ca n't save this beyond slow , confusing , and pretentious `` thriller '' . m. night shyamalan thinks he is a fantastic writer and actor but he is too lost in his arrogant head to write a true horror flick . the only film of his that i do like is the sixth sense , now that movie is pure brilliance . you ca n't create magic twice and this stinker may be even slightly better than the lady in the water , ugh ! hope you can get through this film without shutting down your dvd player , good luck !
= dreadful .
< the village is a mess !

> this novel is not for the faint of heart . a thousand splendid suns is an emotionally wrenching and brutal story of life in afghanistan . it is told through the eyes of two women who live through the ravages of constant war and extremist islam during pre-soviet times , the soviet invasion , civil war , and the taliban . although emotionally difficult to read , this is a very important work in what it does for raising awareness about the harsh life for the people of afghanistan . this book will break your heart but it is a book that needs to be read .
= outstanding work on life in afghanistan
< brutal and brutal

> lipton has been at this tea biz a long , long time . when they announce a new product , it is with great anticipation that i seek out the product to indulge myself in what i know will be a satisfying beverage . these people know what they are doing.blackberry vanilla sounded like an interesting combination , and indeed it was . i curled up with my latest grateful dead cd purchase , and sipped tea through the entire first 80 minutes . made another cup to get me through the rest of the concert.total bliss !
= the tea experts
< lipton 's vanilla vanilla

> what a fantastic story ! ! ! ! ! i just loved it . maya banks , you rock ! ! ! this story and the one before it , have everything that a reader could want . the best thing about these stories is that the fly both ended happily ever after ! ! ! no darn cliff hangers ! ! ! ! ! ! loved them both , ca n't wait for the next one , which i am sure will be about ash ( i hope ) lol great writing ! ! ! !
= kathy
< loved it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> by no stretch of the imagination can one proclaim stephen king 's latest work , `` the cell '' as one of his finest works - but examined on its own , it stands up as a perfectly serviceable horror novel with a sprinkling of social commentary tossed into the mix.fans of post-apocalyptic fiction , zombie movies and even richard mattheson 's , `` i am legend , '' will find much to enjoy within king 's well paced and gory work.a great summer-time read if you have n't already read it .
= a brisk , entertaining read
< the best of the series

> i normally eat a different brand for my hiking trips but this can switch up the flavor a bit , and it adds more fiber then my normal high protein bars . has soft chewy top , crunchy inside , chocolate bottom.no high frutose corn syruplooks yummy when you open it , really tastes like mocha , no after taste . 36 % of your daily fiber need . 120 calories . sweet but not candy bar sweet . delish- and they will be a good addition to my snack drawer .
= tasty way to get some fill and fiber
< tasty , but not too sweet

> i must say , loving good characterization and a good bit of the psychology of a story , this first time novel was very very well done . i ignored an early insight in the story which turns out to have been the right road to travel . although i 'm glad i did not get it so early in the book . and the ending left as it is , what can i say . a great first book . give it a try .
= quite at story .
< a great first book

> no it 's more & # 34 ; another day in the life of & # 34 ; book . well done characters indeed . if any fault i feel it would the the great detail involved in getting to the point where an end could be seen . at times a little slow , but the detail is actually necessary in legal terms . and the details lead the reader to a surprise ending of sorts that is . enjoyed the story very much .
= not a sequal really - excellent reading .
< a great read

> i like the concept of these natural , carbonated juice beverages and i really liked the black cherry flavor . but among the three flavors i tried , the watermelon strawberry was my least favorite . it has a very syrupy sweet taste . without a flavor attractive enough to make up for the calories , the carbohydrates and sugar , i 'd prefer to stick with water .
= syrupy sweet taste
< syrupy taste

> i love this lip product by vaseline ! my lips stay hydrated all day , the cocoa scent is minimal , and i like the fact that it does n't have a waxy feel like some chapsticks do . the only downside is you have to use your finger for applications unless you have a q-tip handy . i will carry this with me all winter .
= vaseline lip therapy with cocoa butter
< great for my lips !

> norton 360 multi-device loaded onto my computer easily , and it seemed to work reasonably well while i was on windows 7 ( except that it tried to install toolbars in every browser on my computer ! ) since i upgraded to windows 8 it has been very troublesome . it has slowed down my computer to the point that i have uninstalled this norton .
= ok in windows 7 ; beware in windows 8
< works well but not great

> i thought this was a really good book . i love the character of colt - i have such a soft spot for tattooed bad boys , except colt really is n't bad . cheyenne and colt are perfect for each other and together they are complete and can handle all that life throws them . happy ending book . worth the read .
= good book
< really good

> maybe that 's a little quirky because there are some very dark issues at play . nora has great strength in character . i did n't get that feeling from the book description but her character is a surprise . its a very solid read .
= a very fun read .
< very solid

> great book ! ! ! yes , both eva and deuce ticked me off ! ! and i do n't get why so much time had to pass between encounters . but i could n't put the book down !
= once i started , i could n't stop ! !
< loved it ! ! !

> this is a very good quality cable with many uses . i was mostly interested in finding something of good quality that had a decent length , so the 6.5 feet more than fits the requirement .
= good quality cable
< good quality cable

> this was a very different read with touchy subject matter . it was written beautifully . i do n't know why i waited so long to read it . loved the ending too !
= wonderful story
< wow

> similar to the hunger games , so if you like that type of story , read this one . a movie is also coming out soon . fast paced and fun ...
= really good , if you liked hunger games , read this ...
< good

> make sure to read the edge of never first . this was just as great as that . the epilogue itself was worth the read .
= loved
< great read

> i was surprised . there were some things i would 've liked to be different but overall this was a pretty solidly , awesome story .
= hmmm
< awesome

> `` world war z '' ( 2013 ) . . .we enjoyed this one - i thought it was a good , intelligent zombie flick , more in the hyper-realist mode of `` 28 days '' and `` the walking dead '' rather than the camp horror of the george romero franchises . i 'm not normally a big brad pitt fan , but i found myself drawn to his surprisingly understated ( though impossibly hunky ) ngo-veteran hero . the pace of the movie 's first two thirds was intense , and intelligently built on the audience 's familiarity with the conventions of earlier zombie epics . i also liked how all the characters responded to the crisis believably -- while the mobs around them panicked , the main players made methodical , rational choices , and their reactions seemed to ring true.the frantic pace of the movie 's start and its terrorism allegories gave way to a slower-paced , pleasantly surprising and anti-climactic third act , which settled back into a more conventional zombies-as-public-health narrative ... i 'm sure a lot of the negative reviews here an elsewhere have to do with the relative lack of gristle and graphic mayhem , which fans weaned on the bone-chewing gore of `` the walking dead '' will consider a shortcoming . but there 's room for all kinds of zombie flicks , and this one had a nice , epic scope , along with an admittedly soft `` hollywood ending . '' this did n't ruin it for me , although i can see where other folks are coming from . it 's a thrilling blockbuster , though , and definitely worth watching . grrr . argh . ( joe sixpack , slipcue movie reviews )
= fast-paced , intelligent zombie flick . give it a 4.5 .
< `` world war z ''

> the problem with a book about nazi germany is that so much of this ground has been covered that it 's almost a cliche to say that you know what 's coming next . the history of the early days of nazi germany from the perspective of a professor picked to be an american ambassador has some potential to be interesting , but the early going is slow since most of it is a repetition of the `` they liked what they saw and they did n't really get why the germans had such a bad reputation '' trope.i was even looking for bad reviews of the book to justify putting it away.however , at a certain point the tensions start ratcheting up and the position of the american observers in germany become more tenuous . dodd is making speeches obliquely referring to julius caesar that he thinks brave and yet are not doing much of anything . the state department is getting angry letters from the german ambassadors for a `` trial of hitler '' being held in madison square garden . however , the major point of the book is that germany is moving inextricably to the night of the long knives complete with positioning for power and some vain hopes that hitler could be toppled ( the choice of victims is particularly important ) .through dodd and his daughter ( and her loves diel , the gestapo head , and boris the communist spy ) the rising tensions of a society edging towards madness is a fine companion to the author 's main inspiration ( hitler : 1889-1936 hubris )
= starts out slow , but pretty riveting towards the end
< a fine companion for the night

> pros : they are bright and come in assorted colors for easy color coding of filesthey run very well through the printer and come out cleancons : they do n't re-stick once they are peeled offthey come off in one piece , but leave a sticky residue on the file/folderthey are more pricey than regular stickies with no added benefitsyou ca n't cleanly write on them instead of putting them in the printeroverall , do n't waste your money on these . they essentially do the same thing that regular , store brand labels do . the only exception is that they come in neat colors . i found that printing on them works well , but where they fall short is the peeling and re=sticking . they come off , but leave a mark and then are not truly sticky enough to reapply and leave for a long period of time , which is the feature that i thought would make these labels worth paying the extra money for . also , i liked the idea of being able to color code files , these work great for that , but the fun colors alone are n't worth paying the extra cost . i have found that i can use regular labels and print the letters themselves in color-which allows me to use the cheaper labels , but still have a color coded system that works just as well at a fraction of the cost . in an economy where every penny counts , save yourself some money and pass on these over-priced , under performing labels ! !
= not really worth it
< great for the price

> do n't read this review to the end , unless you were like me ! i was so touched and teary at the beginning pages that i had to skip to the end of the book to find some clue as to its ending . i felt i could not go on until i did so.so if you decide to continue to read my review ... my daughter , son in law , and two furkids , as they call them , gave this book to me for my birthday . my hubby and i have loved 3 dogs during the years of our marriage . each one of them was special . our last , shelby , somehow had more of a touching personality , so sweet , so strong , so wonderful , such a trooper . with each loss of our family 'members ' parts of our hearts were torn ; and when my daughter and her hubby lost their beloved wesley , another part too was torn . the depiction of the personality and thoughts and actions of enzo mirror again and again our pups . it was great to see this hero dog reach human status ; and i would like to share comfort in the realization that all of our 'pups ' are around me as well , or will be someday !
= for all of you who ever loved ... a dog ...
< a great start to a great series !

> archer 's voice was a very emotional , sweet read . here 's what i loved : * the way the author wove their story together to really bring out these two as individuals that need each other . * how archer ( hero ) started growing more socially with bree ( heroine ) and without bree during their relationship . it was like watching him slowly become the man that felt he could possess the woman . like watching an alpha bloom ( lol ) * how travis ( only family hero has ) started changing as the story got deeper . * reading how archer changed into a man he wanted to be ... ..a man that did n't get to be any less of a man because he did n't have a voice or let his fears continue to rule him . * how i could identify so easily with bree about her fears regarding their relationship . did he only want her because she was the first one to show interest ? because she 's the only one willing to communicate ? once he found out how wonderful and strong he was , would he still want her ? totally recommend to anyone that loves a true romance and an excellent story . oh and it was totally hot too !
= excellent
< archer 's voice

> it 's unfortunate that the makers of items , such as post-it notes , have to associate a great product with the wrong purpose , probably because `` everyone has a laptop '' .i use post-its constantly , and generally have a pad of them in my suit jacket at all times . i have also attached a post-it dispenser to the side of my desktop computer monitor . but attaching something thicker than a bumper sticker to the outside of a laptop is only going to cause you pain -- laptops are designed to be slid into sleeves and bags , and anything , such as this , which protrudes is not going to last long.my `` pop-up laptop notes dispenser '' is attached to the inside front cover of the paper desk diary which i carry everywhere . now i can use those suit pockets for other things.this product is designed for sticking on something else , and not to work independently -- it has flaps on the back with double-stick tape . it is not a product for , say , protecting the supply of post-its you carry in your pocket unless you first attach it to something else ( which could be just a thin piece of cardboard ! )
= for anything but a laptop
< great for something else

> after many perilous encounters with enemies known and unknown it looks like we might finally face our dragon . will we be up to the task . watch as each individual must decide their own fate as a fate of their comrades . let & # 8217 ; s not over look the power of love.the previous movie & # 8220 ; the hobbit : an unexpected journey & # 8221 ; ( 2012 ) showed lots of promise with known characters and situations . we were gaining insight as to the prequel to & # 8220 ; the lord of the rings trilogy. & # 8221 ; however this installation , which is not the last evidently , is just one situation after another . it & # 8217 ; s fun to watch the action and the graphics are well done ; however the characters do not grow with time and distance . frankly if this presentation & # 8220 ; the desolation of smaug & # 8221 ; ( 2014 ) was not made you would not miss it from the story.how many more mindless sward swinging , arrow shooting , installments are we to watch before they run out of cliff hangers ?
= more of the same thing - yet fun to watch
< the hobbit of smaug & # 8221 ; ( 2014 )

> i 'm 44 and just noticing over the last two years that my eyesight is not what it was ... mostly on small labels like on this product . but i did research and lutein is supposed to be great for eyes , although ideally from green leafy veggies and natural products . i 'd be lying if i said i get enough of those , and i 'm lucky if i get romaine lettuce each day.so , the pills . easy way out . not sure if this is the way to go but i 'm hoping that it 'll give my eyes some edge so they do n't get worse . i 've had a full medical exam for my eyes and the doctor said these ca n't hurt , but he was n't jumping all eager either . but then again , he 's anti-supplement for all things , so ... .i am trying these anyway.i did research and did n't find any contraindications ... webmd said they had none listed . however , webmd also said this should be taken with a high-fat meal . ha . there goes my health spree ! `` see '' you online !
= too soon to tell but hopefully it 'll help prevent
< i 'm 44 and see it !

> this intense sci-fi film is almost horror in nature , a la `` alien '' as it features a tremendous amount of suspense . in fact , if you liked `` alien , '' you 'll probably like this , the main difference of the two films being the different setting and a different cast.the cast may be different but the characters are the same : scientists-heroes who are all profane low-life-types who you would never see in professions and positions like this . only in the world of film do you see sleazy people like this in high-tech intelligent positions such as astronauts or scientists . who better to exemplify this in the 1980s than self-proclaimed macho man kurt russell ? back to the positives : besides the great suspense , the story is an involving one that hooks you in fairly early and never lets go . i have a widescreen vhs copy which looks nice , too , since the visuals definitely warranted a widescreen viewing experience . i suspect a blu-ray verson of this would really look great .
= if you liked 'alien , ' you 'll like this
< a intense sci-fi film

> okay , i understand the idea behind this . you can put a few notes where you need them , but if you carry a laptop case , you can keep an entire pad ( note that this only holds about 10 notes at a time , then you have to refill it , which is n't that easy to do ) . and you can use the cheaper note pads that are n't pop-up ( i never understood why they charge more for the pop-up ones , they seem to cost the same to make ) . plus , you can carry a pen with you . if you do n't carry a laptop case , then you may find a use for this , except that there is no pen holder , so unless you keep a pen in your pocket you wo n't be able to write on the notes . the concept is cute , but i think that the company is stretching to find new products to release .
= overrated
< cute , but not a good way to use

> this avitae caffeinated water has about as much caffeine as a normal cup of coffee and makes for a nice change from energy drinks when looking for a boost . i love all things caffeinated and drink coffee , tea , and energy drinks throughout the day , every day , so was interested in trying this water.the drink has no other ingredients other than purified water , caffeine , and citric acid , which is a very positive thing compared to other energy product . the water is a little flat tasting to me , but i did not notice any significant aftertaste or bitterness . perhaps i am used to the caffeine flavor or because we normally drink `` treated '' municipal water.the energy boost is about what i expected from a cup of coffee , which is enough to get me started in the morning or geared up for a workout.recommended ! cfh
= water with a kick - recommended
< good energy boost - recommended

> the avitae water looks like water , tastes just like water , but offers the same amount of caffeine as a cup of coffee . that is great and all , but i am not sure if it is worth the extra expense . personally , i prefer a glass of ice tea , which provides a similar level of caffeine , is less expensive , and offers anti-oxidants ... but that is just me.notes -- some have mentioned a slight bitter flavor , but i do n't notice it.- no sugar or anything else added other than caffeine.- a better option that soda or sweetened energy drinks.final verdict - not a bad source of caffeine , but personally i prefer ice tea . while it is a refreshing source of a caffeine i am not sure it is worth the cost.3 1/2 stars
= tastes like ... . water
< not bad , but not great

> i love the new series of movies , and this one brings the story along well . however , these days movies move much too fast for my old and tired brain . so if you 're a baby boomer , count on watching this one several times before you sort it all out . do n't try too hard to connect it to earlier movies , either . the big villain here is khan , which we old timers remember as ricardo montalbahn . if you can forget him , you can probably follow the story better . or you can just sit back and let it wash over you , secure in the knowledge that you can watch it as many times as you want to understand what 's going on.i think i 'll play it again this afternoon .
= big treat for a life-long trekkie
< great story , but ... .

> a word of advice : if you plan to kidnap a man 's daughter in order to sell her into forced prostitution , make sure that the father is not a trained professional . or else , he 'll hunt you down and kill you . that is the primary storyline of `` taken , '' a fascinating , action-packed thrill ride about one man 's search for his kidnapped daughter . liam neeson , one of our greatest actors , proves his action mettle , taking out one thug after another , while also showing tender love for his daughter , the reason he goes on a rampage . there 's some great action sequences , fine storytelling and a fine supporting cast . fans of action-thrillers will find much to enjoy in `` taken ! `` movie/dvd grade : a
= an exciting , fast-paced thriller !
< a fascinating , action-packed thrill ride !

> i love graham crackers . they 're one of my all time favorite snacks but i do n't like them after they lose their just opened crunch . i immediately loved the idea of individual serving packs of grahams . they 're great for taking as a snack to work or putting in your lunch , and whenever you eat them , they 're fresh , crunchy and perfect . i actually wish that the `` fresh stacks '' would have been made a little smaller because 8 square crackers is more than i can eat at one time so i still end up having to have sandwich bag or container to seal them up . i think four graham squares would be the perfect size or the `` fresh stacks '' could be made resealable .
= fresh crunchy grahams every time !
< graham crackers

> i had no clue this book was out , i found it by accident and i am so glad i did . what a fantastic book ! ! i seriously could not put it down ! ! the story line went back in caleb 's point of view and i think it helped so much to get a bit of back history in both his and olivia 's relationship . not really any sex scenes which was truly ok because the story did not need it . i am so glad i read this book and i am a bit sad this series is over but the ending was fabulous . i even liked the authors final words at the end about the series finishing . i highly , highly recommend ! !
= theif
< wow ! ! !

> with standard sun protection of spf 30 this lotion is almost an upscale beauty product with hydrating ribbons infused with silk protein and shea butter that sink into your skin to moisturize and protect it . the light scent leaves you feeling pampered as this is more than a shield from the suns rays and it is actually good for your skin to keep it from drying out compared to ordinary sunscreens that feel lightweight and watery . it is creamy and never sticky and does n't leave a film on your body or face like other products can.i also loved the easy to grip bottle and that the product dispenses from the flip top cap and uses gravity to help you with less waste thus getting more for your money .
= this feels like a luxury lotion vs. medicinal sunscreen
< good for your skin

> this is a low power solar cell with connections . it seems to be well made , everything is sturdy and it 's not flimsy . it 's great for maintaining a small battery like a car battery that does n't get driven much , or a a boat battery , or something like that.it 's a great introduction to solar for homeschoolers too , or people that just want to learn about solar , for less than half the price of some of the 'teaching ' kits.i 've been using mine in my truck , because i do n't drive it often and when i do , it 's often not far enough to really charge the battery well . so far so good !
= well made - low power but good introduction to solar
< great for a car battery

> this is a far different sort of comic book movie . it is more serious and important than any other 's that i 've seen . and more intelligent . its not just about action sequences and explosions ( though there is that ) . it deals with real issues , sensitive issues . it really makes you think . v is a great character . beneath his mask , you can tell that he is in pain , physically and mentally . he really is unique and a completely different type of 'hero ' than i 've ever seen . hugo weaving did a great job in portraying emotion without ever taking off the mask . i truly think everyone should watch this film .
= a brutally great film
< great movie

> i hate to give poor reviews but i have to say , i would not buy these . the blueberry bar was dry , dense and not very flavorful . the texture was grainy . it was not moist . i like granola bars , fig newtons , all of that stuff . i also like flavor . i did n't care for it and would not recommend it , to be blunt . not much else to say . the wrapper was pretty , it was well sealed in a foil-type packaging , but the first bite was disappointing and not to my taste at all .
= may be organic but it 's lacking in flavor
< not bad , not great

> these are small sticky notes that i find work better than square `` post-it '' -style notes . they 're largely recycled ( 80 % post-consumer ) , and when i tested with a bunch of pens and markers that were handy ( including permanent marker , sharpies of 2 kinds , a gel pen , a pencil , and several ballpoints ) , all wrote smoothly on the paper . none smeared notably after pausing a few seconds . the rectangular shape lends itself to putting them along the edge of your monitor.recommended .
= works well , recycled is a bonus
< small sticky notes

> i remember eating mallomars as a child . it was a delicious treat then as it is now . the sweet chocolate coating over the cookie base with the soft marshmallow center is heavenly.the problem is that a serving size is two cookies and that 's 120 calories or 3 weight watchers pointsplus . i ca n't stop at two cookies . once i start eating them , i want the whole box . maybe that 's why my mother stopped bringing them home when i was a kid .
= mallomars
< delicious !

> reviewing tampons is always difficult for me . what can you really say ? i liked the way these opened 360 degrees so there was no movement and i did n't feel like they were going to come out , they are unscented and there was no plastic type smell you sometimes find in `` unscented '' items , and i had no issues with leaks at all . these are the things i look for in a tampon , so i 'm a very happy customer !
= happy leak-free customer
< i 'm a fan !

> jarrow formulas magmind nutritional supplement is ideal for those looking to boost their magnesium intake . magmind will enhance your mental activity by allow blood flow through the brain barrier . for me , after taking the supplement for a couple of weeks i have been able to concentrate better at work . i 'm really digging this magnesium supplement . if you are looking for something to help with your concentration and brain activity then you 'll want to try some magmind nutritional supplement .
= a magnesium supplement for enhanced brain activity
< magmind nutritional supplement

> i got this book for free and avoided it like the plague for months , because so many free books are just horrible ! i 'll have you all know , i was pleasantly surprised . while the story came across a bit too `` perfect '' some moments , it was nice change of pace from all the angst in other novels i read . i definitely would like some more danny and ryan ! ! ! = )
= suprised
< loved it !

> this movie is awesome . monsters inc. is a heartwarmming movie about friendship between two unlikely and loveable characters who are actually scared of humans themselfs . when one day a little girl follows them back into thier own world . now thats where the fun starts . this is a good movie and i recommend this movie for eveyone
= a classic
< monsters inc.

> these were better than the average vending machine type crackers . being multigrain , they seemed a bit drier than the usual cheese cracker snacks . if i were purchasing cheese cracker snacks , i might choose these simply because they are a little healthier , but not because of the outstanding taste .
= okay
< better than the average vending machine

> this is a good router for the price , about $ 40.00 . easy to set up fair range coverage good internet speed and can handle several pc's/printer/tablets ect ... we have about 8 things running no problem even in the garage . good for the price seems well made as well .
= fair price good range ...
< good router

> love me some aiden ! that man if funny and sexy . he loves with everything he has . i loved the part when he bought the shirt for noah that said , i 'm cute , mommy 's cute and daddy 's lucky ! katie ashley you rock ! ! !
= aiden oh aiden
< love me some aiden !

> this cable is just what i needed . i had a 10 foot cable that was constantly getting dislodged from either the printer or the computer because it was just too tight a fit . this solved the problem
= excellent price for it 's length
< just what i needed

> this is a good read.i have enjoyed all of the with me in seattle books . this one is equally as good .
= sweet story
< good

> i was pleasantly surprised by how nice this bar was . would definitely buy this one again .
= nice bar
< very good

> note : this review is for `` rich chocolate royale '' flavori do n't believe in diet programs such as slim-fast , but i do believe that these types of products can play a limited role in ones overall diet . mainly , i think they can serve as less unhealthy alternatives when having a proper meal is impossible or will be delayed . they are n't `` good '' for you , but they are often fortified and better than other types of snacks ( like pretzels or even granola bars ) . having these types of diet foods on hand can sustain a person in a situation in which their options are limited , or stave off a blood sugar crash while waiting to eat . i like to keep a variety of such food on hand for those occasions and wanted to try out this option.the first point about this which surprised me is how much it resembles a thick chocolate milk drink . it 's very rich and chocolatey and sweet . though it smells like a health drink ( it has a bit of a fortified cereal scent to it ) , it tastes like milk with liberal amounts of hershey 's syrup . it struck me that , if you were craving chocolate , this might keep your hands off of a candy bar with fewer calories ( this is 190 , most candy bars are over 200 ) and added nutrition . as a substitute for `` worse '' processed foods , this is a pretty decent option , albeit one with a lot of added sugar . unfortunately , i 'm not convinced that drinking calories will keep your stomach satisfied or that this would substitute for a proper meal or real food .
= rich and sweet
< rich and sweet

> like many others , i found this book after racing through `` the da vinci code . '' i wondered if dan brown was a consistent thriller writer , or if he had come up with just one great idea . the answer is two-fold.yes , in `` angels and demons '' brown shows that he has the chops to write consistently fast-paced thrillers , with intriguing historical tie-ins . instead of dealing with the knights templar and the holy grail , this time he tackles the illuminati and their anti-religious zeal . when a scientist is murdered and branded with an ancient anagram , our old friend robert langdon is dragged into a serpentine scheme to undermine the foundations of catholicism.as always , brown divvies out his facts and plot twists with perfect timing . he gives little time to breathe , but offers tidbits of character development that keep us caring about langdon -- even if only on a peripheral level.ultimately , though , this book stumbles under its own weight . it could 've ended a hundred pages earlier and been a tighter , more believable novel . instead , brown goes for broke ... and leaves us feeling a little over/under-whelmed . he makes some fascinating arguments for the value of spiritual and moral existence , while also diluting these ideas with pantheistic mumbo-jumbo.according to the author himself , the next langdon book will delve into the secrets of the masons . i 'll be quick to pick up a copy . i wo n't be reading it to find out universal truths , but i will love every minute of brown 's superb storytelling fervor .
= 4 1/2 stars ... the answer is two-fold
< a great thriller

> we do n't usually eat store-bought snack bars anymore , but thought we 'd give this product a try ! had some questions ! the shape of the packaging ? ... is rather awkward to fit on the shelf , and what 's up with the name stila ... how does it relate to food ? ... and why is it made in mexico ? has quaker now moved there ? this product sure has a lot of ingredients for a lowly snack/cookie bar ... keep it fresher , more flavorful ? , ... love those chemicals ! do we really need that much ? now to the product ! i decided to scan a few reviews first and was surprised by all the negative hoopla . my wife tried one first and commented that it was like an adult pop tart ( have n't had one of those in about 30 years ) . she thought it was not bad : crunchy oats on the outside , a little crumbly when bitten into , strawberry filling not too sweet ... overall opinion : tasty snack , and quite filling . i tried one and pretty much came to the same conclusion . not sure why quaker calls them cookie bars as they are more like a regular filled snack bar ( as i remember ? ) . the stila cookie/snack bars with fruit filling do have a nice texture and taste which we both enjoyed .
= glorified pop tart ?
< tasty , tasty , and quite filling !

> i have sleep apnea and use a c-pap . i also do n't have a lot of faith in sleep aids , since over the years , i 've tried many and i always feel knocked out in the morning . melatonin supplements , nature 's bounty melatonin , 3 mg , 240 tablets , have seemed to help in the past , but i only take them when needed . 'dream water ' claims that with gaba , melatonin and 5 htp that i should have a great night 's sleep . after trying only one-half a bottle ( 1.25 oz . ) , it worked ! i had relaxed vivid dreams , so i knew i had reached the rem stage . after three tests on alternate nights it was surprising to wake up refreshed , relaxed and awake ! there was no drowsiness . i felt better than when i had taken melatonin . the taste is nothing special - rather bland , but not offensive and it did n't upset my stomach at all.now comparing the price of `` dream water ' to otc melatonin , nature 's bounty melatonin , 3 mg , 240 tablets , is a no-brainier . 'dream water ' is much more expensive , but i did sleep very well with no morning sluggishness . if price is no option , i 'd say 'dream water more than fulfills its promise .
= it works just fine !
< i 'm a sleep !

> i do n't normally like chilled coffee , ive tried the bottled coffee from starbucks but its so sweet . however when i saw this coffee offered through the vine program i thought i 'd give it a try . its really good , way better then i was expecting by far . it has a nice flavor without being overly sweet . made with low fat milk and cocoa , it does have 81mg/8.45fl oz of caffeine content i can tell for sure . the drink came me nice clean energy with no crash and was much easier on my stomach then normal coffee with store bought cream . only 100 calories per can which is nice the carbs are 19g along with 18grams of sugar . recently ive been very obsessed withe expiration dates so i got this product on march 20th 2012 and it expires august 11th 2012 so roughly 5 months but it does n't have any preservatives so that 's not to bad.. love that its on subscribe and save so instead of $ 23.19 its only 19.71 so it makes them roughly $ 1.62 a piece and that 's a pretty decent price . ive recently decided to try weight watchers and this drink is 2 points , so also not to bad.. overall i think its a great beverage and i highly recommend it !
= very tasty ! !
< great coffee , great coffee , great price !

> this is a great kit for kids or novice gardeners . it contains a variety of vegetables and herb seed pods and a sample of miracle-gro shake n feed . there is a cute little instruction guide that is affixed with a paper measure . it contains the basic information abut the individual pods , including spacing , whether to plant in ground or containers , whether it should be started indoors , estimated germination and harvest times . there is a recipe for a vinaigrette . i found accessing their website to be a helpful supplement . they have a video on the actual planting as well as additional information including photos of how each plant should appear at different stages of growth . there are specifics for the individual plants and additional recipes.this kit is not going to transform a beginner into a master gardener . the instructions are sparse when it comes to tilling and outdoor ground preparation . coverage on pests and diseases is minimal at best . the experienced will not need the hand holding and will no doubt be able to select , plant and harvest more economically and efficiently . but it is a fun project for kids and a confidence builder for beginners who long to literally get their hands dirty . recommended
= simple salad
< great for kids and beginners

> this movie was awesome . i love it - even after having seen it quite a few times . you wo n't be able to understand this until after you 've seen it , but , once you 've seen it entirely , the movie is n't really scary ( this will make sense once you 've watched it ) . the whole movie had an erie sense about it being that it was set in the countryside in post war time in a big castle type property with many many doorways in it . nicole kidman has two children in the movie who ca n't be exposed to the light and this leads to doors being locked and curtains always drawn . the caretakers in and of themselves are a bit freaky , but the main focus are the noises that are heard throughout the house coming from 'the others ' . you really have to see this . i ca n't say too much more without giving anything away , but it will scare you silly and everyone does an excellent job acting in this . i love it and could see it quite a few times . it 's great and gripping and will have you on the edge of your seat for sure .
= must see movie
< awesome movie

> i was n't really sure what to expect from this tea . i enjoy ginger but it 's one of those flavors that can easily be overdone and become overpowering - fortunately that was not the case here.this tea has a very earthy aroma with ginger undertones and what i recognized as a bit of almost a wine scent . i found the aroma to be very complex and pleasant.if you like a bold tea , the flavor here will not disappoint . this tea has a strong earthy taste with a touch of ginger bite . again , i was concerned that the ginger would be too much but it 's just right in this tea . i found the tea to have a lingering earthy aftertaste as well.overall i 'm impressed with this tea . i enjoy earl grey , english breakfast and irish breakfast teas and found this tea to be on a similar plane as those . i 've made this tea both plain and with cream and sugar and it is delicious both ways . the strong , bold flavor may not be for everyone but i personally really enjoy it . if you like the above breakfast blends and enjoy bold flavors i highly recommend this tea .
= a bold , spicy cup reminiscent of english blends
< a strong earthy tea

> i have been taking omega 3 's for some time now , and find that this one seems to be more palatable , they do n't look like your typical fish oil pill , its a dark capsule not the clearish golden color most of us are used to . maybe there is something special about the capsule that gets it deeper into our system before it breaks down to be absorbed that keeps that fishy taste from occurring . i do n't know . i take it for not only the brain function and heart health that they say it helps , but for my immune system and mostly for a healthier inflammatory response , i have syndrome-x and have problems with inflammation . i find this particular product easy to consume , it comes from fish not from krill ... i am allergic to shell fish and can not take any krill oil product , so i would suggest this to anyone else allergic to shell fish . i take many other jarrow formula products and have been pleased with them and the prices .
= jarrow formulas phosphomega-3 softgel
< krill oil

> there 's 20 mg of lutein per capsule , which is more than most of the eye-oriented multivitamins on the market . doing some research on lutein , it is naturally found in many greens such as kale , collard , and spinach . there 's no conclusive data that indicates a lutein supplement/diet would help reduce macular degeneration or prevent it , and there 's no data that indicates the supplement would actually improve your vision . preventing blue light from damaging the eye is definitely important , and that is why we have sunglasses and special optics that filter out harmful uv a/b/c radiation.i have n't noticed any side effects from taking the jarrow lutein supplement , but i also have n't noticed any significant improvement in my vision . i did note that it contains twice the dosage per capsule of lutein versus the bausch and lomb ocuvite brand supplement.overall : 5/5 stars
= more lutein per capsule than most multivitamins
< lutein per capsule

> brewed this tea after coming home from a cold winter day outing and immediately noticed the delicious aroma and the subtle flavor . neither the blackberry nor the vanilla were overwhelming and it seemed a very nice blend of the two . i like hot tea , especially the caffeine-free variety , at times . i can honestly say that i did not actually pay that much attention to the shape of the bag , but the tea was good ! in the summer , i drink quite a bit of iced tea and wonder how this would taste if cold . will have to make it then and see ! i intend to taste test a few other flavors of the lipton brand herbal pyramid teas . anyone who enjoys a cup of hot tea with a fruity flavor should give this a try !
= relax and warm up with this nice blend !
< delicious and subtle

> celcie and asher had an unusual beginning to their relationship . coming together over his brother 's death , asher takes a little while to straighten his life and is buried in grief so deep he could n't see a way out . chelcie keeps her baby a secret because she fears what asher will do when he finds out . once these two get over their issues , it was a nice , sweet story about that i did n't expect . i was unsure how i was going to feel about asher , but i really liked him . chelcie was sweet and compassionate throughout this book . it was nicely done and a good addition to the series . i ca n't wait to read about maddox and em .
= i liked it .
< sweet story

> i 've been usingmioin my water for quite a while now . i like that it allows me to give my water that something extra , so that it makes me more inclined to get my daily intake of water in . additionally being able to choose how much or how little flavor you add is nice too ; me i found that with most of the flavors i like 2-3 quick squirts in my water bottle which holds 24 ounces.mio mango peachis by far my favorite , with sweet tea as a close second . for some the taste may be unappetizing and i admit at first i was n't sure i liked it , but it grew on me and now i use mio on an almost daily basis .
= a little flavor or a lot , the choice is mine
< great taste , but not for me

> secret clinical strength advanced solid , marathon fresh , 1.6-ounce boxes is the subject of this review . the `` marathon fresh '' scent seems to be baby powder ; not sure what running a marathon has to do with baby powder but it was ok. the packaging of this solid stick was perfectly fine , and the consistency of the product was also fine . just to be clear , however , this is the type of antiperspirant that feels `` sticky '' when wet and , if you take a shower too soon after use , it is difficult to remove even with soap . this is common for aluminum-based antiperspirants which , by the way , have been disputed in terms of their safety for use in humans .
= secret clinical strength advanced solid , marathon fresh , 1.6-ounce boxes ( pack of 2 )
< solid , but not baby powder

> i love this tea mug from it 's design to it 's usefulness . the mug is doubled walled so you do n't burn your hands . the mug is large with a well rounded handle to fit any hand perfectly . the lid also acts as the tea bag holder , then converts to the tea bag squeezer ( while not burning your hand ) and then a holder for the tea bag till you are ready to get up and move on with your day after your relaxing cup of tea : ) highly recommend for you and your tea loving friends.update 2-16-13 ... this is my favorite mug ! ! ! love it !
= the perfect tea mug ! really !
< love this tea !

> i 've always been very satisfied with tide products , and this detergent is no exception . although this particular formula is not intended for he washers it works perfectly fine in them - you just use much less of the product than you would otherwise . with just a tiny amount of detergent my clothes came out very clean and smelling great , minor food and dirt stains came out fairly easily ( i pre-treat the bigger/tougher stains ) .we 'll continue to use tide products to keep our clothes clean and looking newer longer , we 're very happy with them !
= works great - perfectly clean laundry
< great detergent !

> surprisingly sweet . and initially very crunchy until the texture resumes its mummified fruit status . this is very much a light snack as the entire bag which is 4 servings , weighs less than one whole apple and is not at all filling . infact it seems like this is designed more to keep our mouths busy . and yes i can understand and respect the need for healthy snacks and decent food preservation . but quite frankly , i would prefer to just have the actual apple . . . and a tub of peanut butter .
= sweet , but hardly fulfilling
< sweet and sweet

> i do n't get all the fuss . the book was good , but there really was n't anything super special about it . the pace of the book was just all over . idk what , but something is definitely missing in the story . i had trouble feeling the chemistry between claire and adam ... honestly a part of me almost started rooting for claire and chris , but adams a sweetie who deserves claire . blah , idk . maybe the sequel will be better .
= okay ...
< not what i expected

> for centuries , a war between vampires and werewolves has been going on . but when a young vampire [ kate beckinsdale ] befriends a newly turned werewolf , she must decide where her loyalties lie . full of action , and check this out , the story actually has a meaning to it ! forget lara croft , check out this girl ! to make things better , the movie even a very suprising finale . forget renting this , buy this one now !
= hotter than lara croft , cooler than blade
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> despite knowing the outcome , the viewer can feel the tension ratchet up . all the actors hit the real notes . no foolish acting , just real scared people , in deadly situations . and when the real photos flash at the end , those without knowledge of the events will marvel at the recreations . ben is not afraid to treat his audience with intelligence . he deserves any awards available .
= ben is a pro
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ]

> i was n't sure i was going to enjoy this book , but really did . i wished jared had talked with tatum earlier about his feelings instead of handling it the way he did , but it still breaks your heart when you realize what happened to him . looking forward to reading it from jared ' s pov . also ca n't wait to read madoc ' story .
= really good
< jared

> the switch orange/tangerine gets kudos from me for not including added sugars and nasty ingredients found in some traditional sodas , but as for flavor , it leaves something to be desired . the initial yummy tangerine flavor of the drink is great , but after a few swallows , a strange after-taste invaded my mouth . i found it difficult to drink the whole can .
= not that great ...
< great taste , but a little too much flavor

> i think that this may be the best book that i have ever read . but you definitely need to read the first 2 in the series to get the full effect of z and bellas ' relationship . do not miss this series . it is better than christine feehan 's dark series , or any other series that i have read thus far .
= best book ever !
< best book ever

> marv loves it . he works outside all day in construction in all kinds of weather year round so it really helps his skin from getting that leathery feel and look . he actually looks a bit younger now that his face is softer ... has a very light scent that is barely noticeable but smells fresh and clean even if you do .
= dove men+care sensitive + face lotion
< marv loves it

> ok - i do n't mean to go all fan girl , but i love this author . her books make laugh out loud and smile to the point that my family thinks i have lost it ! this was an audio book for me , and let me say i loved sara and max ! another great book of this series .
= i love this author
< great book

> holy cow dee has been through the wringer . i loved catching up on her back story . beck was one strong man and no matter what would not give up on his woman . there was love , suspense and heartbreak in this one and i ca n't wait to see where it all leads to next .
= strength
< loved it !

> i was recommended to read this book and i did . i was not disappointed by the writing and the story . orson scott card does a wonderful job building up the story , and gives a nice twist at the end that , to me , felt unexpected but wonderful.a great read for kids of all ages .
= excellent
< great read

> when i opened the bag , i was afraid our elderly dog who has lost several teeth might not eat these.i could n't have been more wrong . she seems to love them.it is often challenging to find treats with some substance that she enjoys.this one is a keeper .
= fussy dog loves them
< dog loves it

> i thought this made the clothes smell so good ; the hubby agrees . the clean scent stays with the towels , sheets and clothes { even those gym socks } for days after being washed . added benefit of saving money by using cold-water only .
= clothes look and smell clean !
< works great

> i loved this book ! it was so good . i do n't think i have laughed this much reading a book in a long time . i would love for another book about these characters to be written . i would definitely read it .
= loved it
< loved it !

> this one was mildly boring to me , but had a good mix of romance and intrigue . there just was n't enough of a plot for the amount of pages . off to read the next !
= 3.5 stars
< good read

> loved this soooo much . took a little to get into but once i was i could n't get out ! bought the second in series as soon as i finished this one ! !
= holy moly !
< loved it ! !

> i really like single serving packs of drink powders - super convenient on the go and space saving if you happen to live alone . i threw a bit of a `` party '' with mylipton tea and honey to go packets iced green tea , dragonfruit peach , 10 count , sharing around ice-cold bottles of water and these tea packets with my daughter and a couple of her co-workers on one of the hottest afternoons of the summer.dragonfruit is n't exactly thick on the ground here in vermont , so there was at least some suspicion that this might taste `` weird . '' everyone seemed to be pleasantly surprised that the predominant flavor was peach and everyone liked the drink , some more than others . one packet is the perfect amount for a 16.9 ounce bottle of water . oddly , the manufacturer has calculated a `` serving '' as half a bottle ( seriously ? who drinks half a bottle of water ? and how do you measure 1/2 packet on the go ? ) so one packet really contains 10 calories , not 5 , and 2 grams of sugars , not 1 gram.lipton tea and honey to go packets iced green tea , dragonfruit peach , 10 countdoes indeed contain honey . honey granules made from sugar and honey are the first ingredient . it does , however , also contain sucralose as an additional sweetener , something that almost nobody picked up on . my daughter was quite surprised when she read the label . sucralose is of course splenda , an artificial sweetener that she does n't usually care for . i found the drink too sweet generally for my liking , but then i am one of those people who prefers my tea totally unsweetened.grandma 's $ 0.02 - do n't be afraid to try this . you might be pleasantly surprised .
= a pleasant surprise
< convenient , but not too sweet

> from the opening when horses seem to be galloping from the back of the theater , through the gray skies and industrial grime of the exteriors and the dinginess of most of the interiors , relieved occasionally by gorgeous jewel toned luxury , this sherlock holmes is grittier and much more raw then its predecessors -- a holmes for the millenium.robert downey 's holmes is a brilliant brat . he borrows watson 's clothes without permission , insults watson 's fiance at their first meeting , and drives mrs. hudson to her wits ' ends , but he 's also a guy who knows his way around a boxing ring and the one you want on your side when facing doom in the form of lord blackwood , an executed murderer who resurfaces at the head of a black magic cult bent on world domination.jude law 's watson is an understated sidekick to the flamboyant holmes , but their relationship is more of a partnership than in typical holmes/watson duos . it 's fun to watch the verbal sparring and exasperation which underlying affection makes sparkling rather than mean . the supporting cast is excellent , as well . the movie plays fair with the viewer . when holmes explains how the crimes were carried out , we realize we saw the same clues at the same time he did . no deus ex machina here -- it 's all elementary.this sherlock holmes is neither jeremy brett nor basil rathbone . viewers who expect to settle into a predictable detective yarn will be disappointed . this holmes is edgy , action packed and slightly uncomfortable , but more believable because of it . it 's smart and atmospheric , and well worth seeing .
= not your grandmama 's sherlock holmes
< a edgy , edgy , action holmes

> i 've read almost all of michael crichton 's fiction , and i would rank timeline in the bottom half of his work . this novel is moderately entertaining , but its dragged down by two major shortcomings.first , this novel involves a rather implausable plotline involving time travel . to his credit , crichton works hard to come up with a believable scientific basis for such travel . but in the end , his explanation ( involving quantum mechanics ) is both convoluted and unconvincing . the major strength of crichton 's books is their scientific realism ; this novel lacks that crucial element.second , timeline suffers from some really superficial characterization . crichton has never been good at creating three-dimensional protagonists , but in this novel he does n't seem to even try . timeline features a plethora of characters , and only one of them ( marek ) is truly interesting . the others are stereotypes of one sort of another , and many of them are silly and forgettable . i often had to flip back in the book to remind myself who certain characters were , which is never a good sign.still , do n't get me wrong -- there 's a lot of good stuff in timeline . crichton knows how to write a good action scene , and he includes a lot of fascinating information about science and medieval history . but the flaws in this book are difficult to ignore , and i ultimately enjoyed it less than i would have hoped.if you 've never read crichton before , my advice is to go with jurassic park , the great train robbery or sphere instead . those are far more enjoyable efforts .
= an uneven effort that falls short on characterization and believability
< a good novel , but not great

> the narnia chronicles have been compared to the mega-hit harry potter books , though c.s . lewis wrote them not only as enjoyable children 's fiction but as a way to introduce christian thought.c.s . lewis was an oxford scholar , an agnostic who became convinced that there was a god , and then became a christian . yet he infuses his beliefs gently into the narnia books , and if you object to christianity , you 'd probably totally miss it in these books . if you object , in contrast , to harry potter , but want a good alternative , these books are just the ticket.the stories are written with delightful visual appeal , great imagination , and with that english tongue-in-cheek humor that makes it fun for adults to read these out loud and enjoy the jokes on two levels . these are true fairy tales and as such , never fail to please children year after year . the voyage of the dawn treader , in particular , is high adventure , with dragons , dwarves , a mighty mouse , and a ship adventure , and it 's my special favorite.the books emphasize the values of learning to struggle against temptation , of developing good and likeable character and the pain of growing up and having to leave the magical world of childhood behind . the books also hint at a need for spiritual growthif you have n't read these , you are in for a treat . if you have n't read them to your kids , well , get a move on !
= a fantasy children 's book that enchants kids and adults
< a great fairy tales

> jarrow formulas lutein 20mgamerican optometric association says there is no recommended daily intake for lutein and zeaxanthin , most recent studies show a health benefit for lutein supplementation at 10 mg/day and leaxanthin supplementation at 2 mg/day.lutein ( loo-teen ) and zeaxanthin are important nutrients found in green leafy vegetables as well as other foods such as eggs . many studies have shown that lutein and zeaxanthin reduce the risk of chronic eye diseases , including age-related macular degeneration ( amd ) and cataracts.amd and cataract incidence are growing . worldwide , more than 25 million people are affected by age-related macular degeneration and the formation of cataracts . amd is the leading cause of blindness in people over age 55 in the western world and the incidence is expected to triple by 2025.this is captured from the american optometric association website . i was n't sure how to rate something like this as how do you know that it is working unless you conduct a double blind study with statistically viable numbers over a decade . since i do n't have a decade or population to conduct such study , i am dependent on my own research . my ophthalmologist has recommended taking lutein . this product provides that at a reasonable price of $ 9.99 at amazon . the star rating is based on value for the money , it does not say this will work or is working since i have no way to prove that . however considering the consequences of blindness , i will take whatever steps necessary to possibly prevent it .
= reasonable price for possible protection
< lutein and zeaxanthin

> i was all in for this product , as i 'm one of those people who loves plain water but needs a kick now and then . sometimes i 'm at the store and want a cold caffeinated product but not a starbuck flavored drink or rock star mocha ... i do n't want to waste the calories on all the filler . and i 'm not fond of diet coke or pepsi . i was eager to try this and it seemed to pep me up a bit mid-afternoon , but there is an aftertaste.it claims to not have one , but i clearly detected a sort of astringent bite , sort of like the aftertaste of plain iced tea . not bad , but not great either . for me , for the price , i 'd rather just make plain iced tea or find plain snapple at the store . the good thing is that it 's not aspartame , and it 's not particularly chemical-ish , just enough to make me notice it.i also shared a sip with someone , giving them plain bottled water and this , in a small dixie cup . they could tell the difference . so it 's not just me . for convenience sake , it might be neat if this company made a simple mix-in of caffiene so that you could add it yourself to water and save the waste of plastic and the space of carrying the bottle with you when you travel . caffeine packets !
= great idea , but there is an aftertaste
< not bad , but not great

> i 've never been a fan of james bond . probably , because i grew up with pierce brosnan as 007 and he sucked . i decide to give the series another shot , not because of bond , but rather daniel craig . i have been a fan of craig 's for some time , having seen several of the films from overseas . i knew then that he would be a huge action star and now he 's 007. as for my first bond movie , it was pretty good . craig was fantastic and avoided much of the clich & eacute ; bond moments that most of us have come to loath . the film was entertaining , but also pretty predictable and much longer than it needed to be . i was also very unimpressed by the bad guys . i thought bond villains were supposed to be classic , but these guys were rather forgettable . i 'm not in love with the bond character , but this film did open my eyes a little bit and i probably will check out quantum of solace in the near future .
= the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078
< not bad , but not great

> this is truly a movie i should not like . it 's profane , gory and violent . so why do i watch it again and again ? quentin tarentino has assembled the coolest cast ( uma thurman , john travolta , bruce willis , samuel jackson and more ) in the weirdest and least likely comic vehicle ever produced . the film follows a cast of hoodlums , hit men and drug queens as they interact in the mean streets of los angeles . the film plays with time , jumbling time sequences so that `` dead '' characters come back to life . hilarity ensues from the bumbling actions of scripture-spouting hit men , heroin-addled heroines and various pimped-up freaks and tough guys . there is genuine camaraderie , honor and restraint between the most death-dealing of characters , which makes them sympathetic and gives the film its bizarre charm.comedy aside , this movie is not for the faint of heart . there 's plenty of gore , lots of gunplay , profanity by the bucketful and heart-stopping drug scenes .
= a comedy of err-ers
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> if they were to give an award for the most unique character in a movie , they 'd have a difficult time choosing between this excellent cast . did n't i sit next to these people at lunch during my high school years ? i do recall wearing a ponytail on one side of my head , and i certainly was never 'in style ' . i never made a big effort to be 'popular ' and certainly succeeded at fading into the woodwork , so i suppose you could say i identified with the movie in a big way.these memorable characters made being a geek great and i love them for it . it has a surprise ending , so make sure you do n't turn it off during what you think is the 'last scene ' . the acting was funny , charming , and everyone played their roles like they 'd lived in their characters ' shoes . i 'd give it ten stars if possible ! ! ! chrissy k. mcvayauthor of 'souls of the north wind '
= the world of the geek
< a great movie

> this film is a visual beauty , it really is , but that beauty is only skin deep when it comes to the story . the plot has too many holes and gaps for the viewer to fill in . there 's no clear motivation for the actions of the characters , stretching the story way beyond any credible suspension of disbelief.the film glosses over the philosophical questions it started off trying to answer , coming off as more of an existential mess.i 'm a huge fan of ridley scott , he 's truly brilliant , so maybe my expectations for this film were too high . some of the alien franchise movies are true classics , but that sadly wo n't be the case with this film.something went terrible wrong with the story . i 'm sure i 'll see this film again , it really is a visual joy , but sadly not as good of a story is it could have , and should have been .
= only skin deep
< a visual joy

> i 'm always in the need of a post-it or two when i 've got something on my mind that i do n't want to forget . this neat little device keeps them and a pen , thanks to the pen holder , at the ready . no more searching everywhere high and low looking for those tiny square wonders . you can put the holder pretty much anywhere by using the sticky strips you can attach to the back , or just keep it on your desk . the only thing is , you have to buy the side pull post-it notes to use it properly , even though it will do fine in holding the regular ones . this is a two pack of the holders , each coming with 90 post-it notes . i 'm keeping one and giving the other away to someone i know who needs a bit of organization in their lives .
= makes something easy to lose , easy to find
< great for the pen

> i got this b/c we 're always packing sandwiches for picnics , outings , etc . i was hoping the inside of this bag would have a nice liner , but the whole bag is a thin layer of a nylon type fabric . the zipper is small and thin , so when you put a sandwich in here the peanut butter and jelly get stuck in the zipper and even with washing it does n't come totally clean . additionally , the corners of the inside of the bag have seams , so crumbs and goobers get stuck in there and are really tough to clean off . overall , i 'm not impressed and i 'm going to be using this bag for crayons or something like that b/c as a sandwich bag it is more trouble than it 's worth to clean out .
= not really impressed
< not impressed

> i have n't seen this brand in cans before ; how exciting ! i know this brand can be hard to find at the store so it is nice to see it being sold here at amazon . i am a big fan of 100 % juice that has been lightly carbonated and have tried the few brands that are available and switch is one of my favorites . my biggest beef with the brand is that it is just super hard to find , which has now been resolved . i have to say that i do n't love the orange-tangerine flavor , which is why i gave it four stars instead of five ; i just do n't really like orange flavored drinks but did like how this one had more tangerine flavor than straight-up orange . i would definintely recommend this brand !
= very tasty 'natural ' soda
< great taste !

> i 'm always skeptical about any author 's ability to make a billionaire into a sympathetic hero . often they 're portrayed as arrogant , overbearing or foreign men . this story was different from that mold , the billionaire is american , not too arrogant and working hard to fill his father and grandfather 's shoes as head of the family business . his parents are the ones playing matchmaker because they want grandchildren to spoil . the wealthy family is a wonderful example of a loving and stable home , and the company sounds like a dream to work for . the main characters are strong and complex people , their relationship well written and the story interesting . i enjoyed this story and want to find out how the father matches up the younger brothers.heat factor hot .
= good contemporary romance
< hot , hot , hot

> the world would go on in the absence of post it notes , but they are endlessly useful and adaptable to home or office use . `` post it on a roll '' is a nifty permutation . it sticks well on all surfaces that i have tried and responds well to ball point or sharpie type pens . my only criticism is the same as other reviewers have expressed ~ the cutting edge does not work well and it is nearly impossible to get a nice clean edge . hopefully this problem will be resolved but in the mean time , a pair of scissors works fine . the packaging information does warn against using on thin material and this is worth noting since it is a truthful statement .
= the evolving post it note
< a great permutation

> moulin rouge starring nicole kidman and ewan mcgregor is a doomed love story set to classic pop songs . i really wanted to like this colorful musical but i think this film would have been better if the songs were set to an original score , hearing songs i heard a thousand times made watching this film seem silly and pretenious . i do n't think kidman deserved to be nominated for an oscar , that same year she was absolutely brilliant in the others so i do n't know what all the fuss was about ? she 's not good here , her singing is ok - nothing spectacular . the like a virgin performance is kinda cute but otherwise moulin rouge is just average .
= campy but not in a good way .
< not bad , but not great

> i am very happy with the performance of this product . i had washed my favorite tee shirt that had a grease stain and it did n't come out . when i re washed it with the tide duo it did come out . it also took out an oil stain from white shorts that had also been previously washed.when the tow pack arrived in one of the bags one of the packs had broken open . this did make for a somewhat sticky mess inside the bag but nothing to stop from using the item.so if you have difficult present in stains just drop one of these into the wash. i give the item a full 5 stars and 2 thumbs up .
= this product took out an oil stain !
< great performance

> i got these because we 've seen a few mice scurrying across the floor . i put some peanut butter in the little reservoir , set the trap , and waited ... and waited ... and waited . it 's been more than a month , and neither of the two traps i set out have caught anything.update ( 4/16/2012 ) : i checked the trap to see if i needed to replace the bait ; after all , it 's been more than a year . the only difference is the bait is gone , and the trap is filled with tiny mouse poops . i 'm throwing it out !
= has n't caught a single mouse !
< works great !

> after winning a trip on the rms titanic during a dockside card game , american jack dawson spots the society girl rose dewitt bukater who is on her way to philadelphia to marry her rich snob fiance cal hockley . rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide until she is rescued by jack . cal is therefore obliged to invite jack to dine at their first-class table where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts . this movie is a truly impressive feat of entertainment .
= titanic
< jack dawson spots

> the scent is sweet and light . i don & # 8217 ; t find the fragrance really noticeable . it goes on mostly clear . it works.4.5 & # 8211 ; 5 stars : i don & # 8217 ; t know if it works for 48 hours . i wasn & # 8217 ; t willing to risk that . i rather prefer the original clean fragrance over this one . i noticed that this container is slightly taller than the original clean but the amount of solid deodorant is the same .
= dove advanced care antiperspirant
< sweet scent

> the story is fast paced till the last 90 or so pages then it goes down the hill almost until the end . the question is why all the writers want to fill long-winded pages at the book 's end ? the plot has one too many happenstances but you 'll like the story at the whole and you 'll shed some tears at the second and last letter but mind you ... read it when you get there .
= nice but ...
< a good read

> i loved this one . it has all i look for in a great story , attraction , passion , pain , love and disappointment . i was sucked in from the very beginning and enjoyed the ride . it left me crying and wanting more , ca n't wait till august when fueled in out . great job k bromberg , this is a first for me with this author and i will be reading more from her .
= perfect !
< great story

> the primula tempo coffee press is comparable to other coffee presses . i know , i have gone through a few ( butter fingers ) . it 's easy to use , i did need the help of some tools to loosen the nut on the end but all is good now . the design is lacking a bit , i prefer the look of the bodum but still a very nice french press .
= comparable
< comparable to other coffee presses

> typically , i prefer ob tampons . these are not bad at all . no scent ( this is an excellent thing ) , and simple no frills packaging which is easy tear to open . the packaging for the tampon is also sturdy and does not break open or look frayed even when living the bottom of a purse for several weeks .
= basic , clean look to packaging , no scent
< good product

> what an emotional ride this was . caden and ever became pen pals that shared with each other their what life handed them . they both endured so much right up to the very end . i was freaking by the end of the book . this can not be happening to these two again . looking forward to the next book .
= devastatingly good !
< wow

> sarah conner is dead ( r.i.p . ) and the nuclear war never happened , stopped it , did n't they ? john conner is now a recluse living with no possible connection to civilisation , scared of being found again by the terminator 's that believe 's will rise again.t-x looks good naked and she can make her boobs bigger .
= another terminator outing , and its pretty good
< the terminator

> this book as good as it was left me wanting more . the book flowed to easily without any major complications . i hope the next book does n't do the same.i do think that she done a great job showing how not all rich families are greedy and self centered .
= needed more
< good book

> another perfect continued story of the good professor . i loved this story . it has all the emotions i look for when reading . sylvain reynard has done it again . a great story that i read dec 2012 and just realized i did n't post my review .
= perfect !
< another perfect continued story

> i 've always liked graham crackers for a snack . these are really good . crispy texture , great taste and brings back a lot of great memories . i am now switching to this brand after tasting these ... . they 're really really good !
= great cracker
< great snack

> this is n't bad but it is a bit sweet for my taste . i have tried using less and that did help but then you are not getting the vitamins you are looking for . i really like the mio better .
= good but not great .
< i like the mio better

> soooo worth the wait ! it a cool being able to read abby and travis ' story from his point of view . and the epilogue ? heck yeah !
= worth the wait !
< loved it !

> omg i so love remy . i ca n't wait for next book . he loves brook so much . she fights her jealousy throughout this .
= mine
< remy

> 4.5 stars ! ! hard as it gets not only hooked me in from the first page , it actually had me at the cover . whoa ! the publisher was kind enough to send me a paperback and it is stunning . now , on to the novel . i absolutely loved this very suspenseful and totally hot story of becca and nick and the introduction into the hard ink world . becca is frantically searching for her missing brother , and her search leads her to nicholas bixey and hard ink , the tattoo parlor he co-owns with his brother . nick resists her at first but then is drawn into helping her , due to the deep ties he had with her military father and because he is completely attracted to her . the action begins and doesn & # 8217 ; t let up until the last page . there are some loose ends left ( not a cliffhanger though ! ) and i can & # 8217 ; t wait to see where the author takes us with the underlying mystery.one of the reasons why i loved this romantic suspense story is because the relationship between becca and nick builds nicely and is very believable . yes , their chemistry is off the charts but they both treat each other with respect and becca could have been a pushover but she & # 8217 ; s actually a very strong character.hard as it gets is a tough , sexy , action-filled mystery filled with well-written , fantastic characters . i & # 8217 ; m eager to read more about each and every one . nick is one hot alpha male and i loved the very steamy sexy times between nick and becca . wowza ! ms. kaye really knows how to turn up the heat ! this was my very first laura kaye novel and i & # 8217 ; m hooked ! i & # 8217 ; m looking forward to reading more books in this series .
= welcome to the hard ink world ! !
< 4.5 stars ! ! !

> imma thinking this one was better than the first we saw remy more animal-like and i was loving it , `` be grateful i have some control in me and i do n't pin them to the nearest lamppost . i effing know what tey 're doing to you in their heads . '' and he 's more greedy this time around as well , `` me . always me first . then the rest of me . '' we also see a more caring i would n't say nurturing as well you do n't call someone like remy nurturing , `` you 're mine and you need me , and i want you to please come the eff upstairs with me . '' and brooke really does have a wild one on her hands where this boy in concerned , `` he groans , `` do n't torture me , baby , i want to eff you already . '' where brooke 's health is concerned remy can become all alpha , `` i want someone to look at you . '' he opens the bottle for me , then passes it over as he turns his head to the front of the plane . `` pete , i want someone to look at brooke right effing now ! '' and he 's all for pleasing his girl , `` just call and tell me . tell me you want me . that you 're hot for me and i 'll take care of you . i 'll take care of my woman - whenever she wants . whatever she wants . '' i 'm excited for the next installment !
= oh my word !
< remy

> mockingjay ( final book of hunger games trilogy ) i read hunger games and catching fire within a few weeks of each other , so i was able to piece together the stories quite readily . i found that mockingjay was a solid continuation of the second book and wraps up the stories and character development quite nicely . the level of violence in mockingjay is significantly higher than the first two books , especially when they enter the capitol and have to engage the various `` pods '' and new mutts.that brings me to another area of the story . some of the pods and challenges were believable ( like tracker jackers that release based on proximity ) , but many of the other pods were n't as feasible . the black ooze , the entire section of the street that opens up , and the boiling steam . if the district 13 level of technology was as high as the capitol , they 'd be able to detect the thermals from the steam generation machines . instead , the soldiers seemed to just run around amok tripping the pods . they eventually used unmanned vehicles to set off the pods , but that was n't quite a successful strategy since the capitol would manually trigger them.towards the end , the death of prim was done rather haphazardly and the epilogue stories for the other surviving characters was n't quite clear and was rather brief . some of the more interesting supporting characters ( e.g . johanna mason ) were n't developed as fully as i 'd like.overall : 4/5 stars
= some plot twists , but it was still entertaining to read
< a solid continuation of hunger games

> wow , it has been a long time since i have had a product this useless ... .the description states that this product repels deer , rabbits and squirrels both by taste and by scent . it is supposed to both taste and smell bad ... ..and although i have not personally tasted this stuff , evidently the squirrels do n't mind it at all . not only do they not mind it , but if i did n't know any better , i 'd swear they actually like the taste . they continue to snack on my flowers and , to add insult to injury , they do it while lounging in the very garden that i have saturated with this product . they started creeping back into my flowers before this stuff was even dry on the leaves and they have yet to leave . they just sit there , mocking me with their mouths full of my marigolds.i have to admit , i have no idea if this stuff will work on deer or rabbits ... .the description states that it works on squirrels and i chose it based on that misleading little factoid . however , if this stuff is as tasty as the squrrels seem to think it is , maybe i will start throwing it on the squirrels as they enter my garden . maybe i will get lucky and something bigger will come along and snack on them .
= i am the laughing stock in all of squirreldom ... ..
< repels deer , rabbits , rabbits , rabbits , rabbits , rabbits , rabbits !

> this is certainly better than the latest hulk movie , but for me it never quite reached the heights that i had hoped . the opening part of the movie is well done and the scenes when stark is devloping the final version of the 'iron ' suit are some of the finest use of cgi i 've seen . in particular where he was initially testing out its flying ability adjacent to his collection of classic cars . great scene ... robert downey jr is excellent in the leading role ( reminded me of al pacino in fact ) and it was great to see jeff bridges again . gywneth paltrow also gave a good performance.where the film went downhill was the final 1/4 . much like the ending of the latest hulk film the final battle was entirely predictable . once again though there is a lovely cameo role for stan lee and the final few moments give us hope that marvel may be preparing a film based on the avengers.my review is perhaps a reflection of my age . if this film had been produced when i first read the comics ( the 1970 's ) i would have been blown away by it . sadly age and a somewhat more cynical view of life means that superheroes are never quite what they were . i still love the comics though !
= 3.5 stars
< better than the latest hulk

> i know , right ? it took me forever to see this film . i waited because i wanted it free from the library.now my wife thought it was better than she expected it to be , but , for me , it pretty much met expectations.twilight stars kristen stewart as bella , robert pattinson as edward , and peter facinelli as dr. carlisle cullen ( edward 's `` father '' ) .i mention facinelli because i remember watching him in ca n't hardly wait . seeing him as a father figure makes me feel quite old.things follow closely to the book . they do combine a couple characters from the book into one for the movie to keep things running smoothly.the acting is horrific . this is the single biggest strike against this film . i began laughing every time stewart opened her mouth to speak . let 's hope things get better as the sequels are made.strike 2 comes with the special effects . ( i.e . cutting frames to make the vampires appear to move quicker ) when all is said and done , this film would have done better as a made-for-tv movie . however , because there are more tween girls in the world than there are me , this film was a hit .
= made-for-tv quality
< i know i know i know i know , i 'm in the world

> you have to kind of suspend belief at some of the scenes and situations in this action-thriller , but it was really fun to watch . it had a super cast which included bruce willis , mary louise-parker , helen mirren , john malkovich and morgan freeman who are all retired or semi-retired senior cia operatives who get brought back into active duty by bruce willis he becomes involved with mary louise parker in a long distance over the phone relationship and realizes he has to get to kansas quickly and rescue her from the likes of julian mcmahon who plays the vice president of the united states , richard dreyfuss plays a bad operative who is after them . brian cox is great as a suave and smooth russian counterpart.the story is sort of convoluted and at times a little hard to figure out , but there 's lots of actions and some spectacular big-time explosions that make it pretty exciting . lots of chase scenes , explosions , tongue-in-check jokes , comedy and a good dose of romance thrown in , it 's just a lot of fun . if you 're a baby boomer , you 'll be cheering for all of these characters and having plenty of good laughs along the way .
= a fun movie , especially for bably boomers
< fun , fun , fun

> so far , i really like this mug . it 's big enough for 2 cups of tea ( or whatever ) , and the double wall and the lid ( `` tea bag buddy '' ) keeps the liquid warm enough to actually finish . it 's made of borosilicate glass , which , according to wikipedia , is what pyrex is made of . the cool thing about that is that it can go from cool to very hot without breaking.i like the tea bag buddy - you can squeeze the teabag without burning your fingers . but what i like best is that it helps keep the tea warm . i like drinking tea and coffee from open mugs instead of closed containers because i like the aroma as i 'm drinking . the problem with an open mug is that it lets all the heat out.for such a large mug , this is very light . i like the little curl at the end of the handle too . and it 's dishwasher safe , which is super important ! all in all , this is a good product . i might just get another one .
= light and hany tea mug
< great mug

> this book was recommened to me by a dedicated physician , who is also a twin , who was also a doctor ( now deceased ) .at the time , i truly had no inclination as to what the story held . my friend just told me i would be incredibly moved.one of the most memorable books i have ever read , it is difficult penning a review of a work of such brilliance . perusing other reviews , a number of them were beautifully written synopses of the novel and took interested readers on a knowledgeable path of the book 's contents.when abraham verghese writes of love , honor , pain , political unrest , illness , disease , surgery , loss , humor , surgery , family ... .he brings you there brilliantly . he obviously respects his reader audience as there is nothing trite . when he writes of medicine and operating theaters , the reader is there , absorbing even the most minute intricacies of a procedure.he reveals outstanding insight into hearts and emotions ... .not easy with an incredible roster of unforgettable characters.this book is quite frankly and reverently applauded as a ten star !
= compelling , brilliant , masterful ...
< a book that is a ten star books i have ever read

> all teas taste different depending on whether they are cool or hot , but this lipton blackberry vanilla tea takes the cake . while it is steeping , it smells delicious -- like a doughnut or another tasty baked good . if you drink it piping hot or mostly warm , you get a nice blend of the two flavors on your tongue . if you let it sit until it gets lukewarm or cool the blackberry really comes out to an almost tart level which i also kind of enjoy.either way the tea tastes great , and i always appreciate the aesthetic quality of these pyramid tea bags - in this or any other of lipton 's flavors ( an alternate vanilla one is my favorite ) . they are a fun choice for refreshments at book clubs or other small groups since the tea drinkers can let these drain with a quick lift and hold instead of a squeeze . when you are handling a book or other object , it is nice not to have to get your fingers wet even if there are napkins available .
= taste changes dramatically with cooling
< great taste , but not a good way to get your tongue

> i had wondered how roth would follow up the first book but was happy to find that the second book continued the story fluidly , right from the point the last book ended.where the first book pretty much gave us the tour de force of the dauntless compound , the second book gives us glances into the other compounds , from amity , to candor , and finally to erudite . the strengths and weaknesses of each of the philosphies were especially poignant . the amity , in seeking peace , ended up bringing strife , and candor 's honesty leaving them vulnerable , and finally , the heart of the novel is erudite 's downfall ( spare a though for adam and eve and the apple of knowledge ) in insatiable greed.this book ends with a whopper of a cliff hanger . as well , there is a lot revealed about the heroine 's family , adding depth to the character.in all , i 'm looking forward to the next book in the series .
= solid second book - continues theme well
< a great book , but not as good as the first

> this is a very addictive game where you line up three or more of the same candies to earn points and clear the objectives . the first levels are simple , but they get very complicated as you progress . it gets very hard to complete the objectives once you get to the higher levels.i 'm not thrilled with the current trend in mobile games where the game is free and there are lots of `` opportunities '' for micro-transactions . but as long as you 're careful to not accidentally make any in-app purchases , you wo n't spend too much.i recently had a coast to coast flight and this game was a fun diversion on the plane . when i ran out of lives i had to wait for the timeout timer to count down so that i could continue playing . i guess that 's fine though , because it kept me from spending too much time playing the game . i actually got quite a bit of reading done that way .
= fun and addictive
< addictive game

> an absolutely fantastic book ! i can not wait to read the next one ! this book has everything - adventure , betrayal ( lots and lots of betrayal ) , romance , and the characterization is excellent ! i did n't feel like this book read like fantasy either . aside from talk of dragons and the others , it felt more like i was reading historical fiction . my favorite thing about the book is the way that each chapter is told from the viewpoint of a different character . it gave so much more insight into the characters and their way of thinking . characterization is a very important part of a book for me . also , no matter what i thought was coming , i was surprised ! sometimes , not pleasantly . it appears that mr. martin does n't have a problem with letting you get attached to a character and then killing them off . that 's okay though . it made for a very interesting read .
= definitely an epic
< absolutely fantastic !

> i like apple juice , but when i drink a beverage that is supposed to taste like black cherries , i want to taste black cherries ! the overriding flavor in this drink is apple juice . if i concentrated hard enough , i could ( almost ) detect a faint taste of cherries ; i wo n't buy something if i have to concentrate to detect the flavoor i want to taste.if you like apple juice more than cherries , this soft drink would be perfect for you . it 's got plenty of carbonation , and it has no added sugar or artificial sweeteners ( which is why i gave it two stars ) . even without the sugar , it 's plenty sweet ( without being too sweet ) . if you want a flavor other than apple , try the tangerine . of the three flavors i 've tried , tangerine is the only one to actually taste like it 's supposed to .
= this tastes more like apples than cherries !
< not bad , but not great

> there 's a lot that goes on in this conclusion . we learn about brandon 's son and about his fake engagement . we also learn about a secret that katie has been keeping . i actually liked brandon . he was a little caveman occasionally , but he loved and wanted katie . she however , was immature in this book and i thought she needed to grow up a little . she got mad when brandon ( early forties ) made comment about their age difference ( she 's twenty-five i believe ) but some of her actions clearly proved his point . i personally think if she has been truthful back when they first met about her age , they 'd have been together the whole time . she never seemed to want to accept the majority of the blame , but does n't matter . we got a great conclusion with an ending to make all of us happy .
= good conclusion
< brandon 's son

> this is the dogfood for picky k-9s.i had been feeding my two dogs food which we acquire from the veterinary clinic ( expensive ! ) and we use beneful about twice a week to occassionally supplement their diet with something that they love . my brother feeds his dog this product full-time as well and he clearly loves it.as far as being good for the dogs , beneful includes all the nutritional supplements that the average dog needs and i 've never encountered a dog that would n't eat it . i babysit my daughter 's cocker spaniels sometimes , ( they are very picky about food ) , and they readily and eagerly eat beneful , no problem.the zip-lock top on the bag is very handy and keeps the food quite fresh.highly recommended .
= top-of-the-line dog food
< the dog loves it !

> our family has been taking omega 3 capsules for a few years now . some of them have a strong fishy oil aftertaste , some of them have given us an upset stomach . these capsules are on the large size and a bit too low on the omega 3 's for our needs but no fishy burping , and no upset stomach . i am a firm believer in taking omega 3 supplements but this one is not cost effective for us . jarrow is a great company with great supplements but this one does not satisfy our needs in the amounts of omega 3 's per cost of pill . 4 stars for good quality concept and easiness on the stomach .
= omega 3 's
< omega 3 's omega 3 capsules

> smoking hot sex scenes ! ! ! lots of them.hate sex is hot no doubt & it 's even sweeter when it turns into love.the whole panty tear things was beyond sexy.it was sweet when their fling or thing or whatever it was turned into something more right before my eyes . things of course were more complicated than either of them wanted them to be but the beautiful bastard reared his head and down right pissed chloe off so their budding new relationship came to a halt . you will have to read to see if they find their way back to each other and what happens with chloe 's career . fabulous ending but would have loved a epilogue : )
= smoking hot !
< smoking hot sex ! ! !

> first of all , i loved the cover , it was completely hot ! ! i was reading maryse 's blog and she was raving about this book , so i picked it up right away.the story was very easy to get into , bliss was hilarious with her awkwardness . when she shouted out abut her cat , i was like omg , i was so embarrassed for her , read it you 'll know what i 'm talking about ... hahahanow garret ( a yummy brit ) sounds just like my kind of guy , swoon worthy . & lt ; sigh > book was quick to get through and i really enjoyed it . two thumbs up ! !
= cute , funny book with a hot brit ! ! mmmmhmmmm
< hot ! hot ! hot !

> one thing most noticeable about these snacks is how hard they are . i seriously wondered if i would chip a tooth or harm a filling by eating them . in addition , i just do n't enjoy the taste . they are sweetened with concentrated apple juice , which tastes too sweet . moreover , the after-taste lingered for nearly an hour.most certainly , these are better for you than a candy bar . however , i have little reason to try these again . could n't even make it through a bag ... when i was hungry !
= very hard , overly sweet snack with an after-taste
< not bad , but not great

> i enjoyed the character development and consistency in this book . the main female character ev drank too much ( i hate drunk people in books ) , but it was a pivotal point of the book , so i ducked it up and enjoyed the ride . ev proved to be a shy , girl with a moral compass that helped her make tough choices . i enjoyed the relationship she had with her sexy rocker , and his band mates ... great story development to go with strong characters . an enjoyable ride .
= lick - a good story !
< great story

> i confess , my first impression was that this was a little gimmicky . but after trying it out , i 'm a little more enthusiastic . i was expecting something closer to an acrylic mug . but it 's a far more serviceable glass that makes a great mug for sipping tea at the office . more so because of the tea bag buddy that is perfect for squeezing out the tea bag and holding the bag until its disposal.i like this !
= cute idea
< great tea

> excellent value , excellent product . easy to put on and it feels nice to the touch . the silicone helps to protect the ipod if you drop it , as my son often seems to do . even if it falls screen side down , the outer rim helps keep the touch screen from making contact with the floor . it 's like having ipod insurance for a low price .
= excellent .
< excellent value

> natural apple , cinnamon oat grahams - my kids loved them . i did not eat any because there are ingredients in them in which i do not eat . but my kids loved them ( and my kids are picky ) ; therefore , they must be good . i liked the idea of the apple and cinnamon and oatmeal - that sounds wholesome . my kids gobbled them up .
= good
< my kids loved them

> mashed in the can with a few drops of lemon juice -- an excellent sandwich or cracker spread ! a great source of sustainable , low contaminant omega 3 fish oil , this is an affordable , tasty choice ! not very fishy , though -- has a nice flavor !
= a great , healthy choice !
< great low source of sustainable , low contaminant !

> it 's ok as a monster vs robot film , but is below the director 's artistic capabilities . his touch does make this a good film for teenagers , and the special effects are splendid . but it 's not for more mature moviegoers .
= an okay sci-fi adventure for teens
< not for more mature moviegoers

> i tried this sauce on a wrap and pitched the rest of the bottle . all i could taste was salt ( 300 mg of sodium in two tablespoons ) . ken 's boom-boom sauce has a better taste .
= so much sodium !
< salt ( 300 mg )

> i really enjoyed this book . it was nice to see a male character that was sweet and not a playboy , etc . i look forward to reading other books from this author .
= cam
< great book

> i really enjoyed this series . it contains more drama than any book i 've read ! i feel so attached to the characters and hate to see them go .
= wow !
< great series

> this was a very omg book ! ! i ca n't wait for the third book in the trilogy ! ! it was hot hot hot ! ! !
= hot
< omg ! ! !

> ana and christian are some of my favorite characters . this book brought my love for reading back ! ca n't wait for the movies ! !
= love
< loved it !

> i so need the third book ! i loved the first two and i am dying for the third ! hurry up !
= hurry up !
< loved it !

> i cut my grass every weekend this time of year , and that includes trimming edges and pulling weeds too . i rely almost exclusively on spray-on sunblock for the simple fact that i hate the greasy feeling i get from a lot of sunblock formulas . i 'd rather be a bit sticky and tacky from the spray instead of being to slick to hold my weedeater in my hands.i decided to give fallene cotz ' 20 % zinc oxide vanishing formula , spf 35 , a whirl for two reasons : a ) it was free and b ) i was running low on sunblock.the first trial run with the cotz sunblock was on a recent trip to the longfellow-evangeline state historic site in st. martinville , la . i took a tour of the old plantation home and then trekked across the property to check out an acadian homestead and farm . i spent plenty of time in the sun , and the cotz did its job perfectly.my next few test runs were in the yard . i spent an average of five hours cutting grass , weedeating , and doing general work in the yard under direct sunlight . i sweated a lot , bled a little , and fought off a few ant hills.in the end , i was still as ghostly white as i ever was . the cotz did n't bother my eyes or my skin and it had an almost non-existent smell to it which is a plus in my book.overall , i 'd say that each time i 've used the cotz sunblock it has done what it promised to do , which is protect my skin . while i still prefer sunblock sprays , i wo n't hesitate to pick up a few ounces of cotz if there 's no spray available.recommended .
= still white after all these yards
< not for me

> ` gran torino ' is quite simply one of the best films i have seen in quite some time . directed by , produced by and starring clint eastwood , this film has a feeling of gravitas and meaning from the word go . this follows walt kowalski , who is a korean war veteran , and how has he seen the neighbourhood around him change over the years and how he has seen a rise in violence and intimidation . it also looks at how he faces his own prejudices about his hmong neighbours and strikes a relationship with the family next door . it is touching to see walt develop from the archetype grumpy old man , to seeing someone with a softer side and with a great deal of compassion for those who are in a worse situation than himself . clint plays walt gruff and old school from the outset and you often laugh at his up front honesty , especially when confronted with a do-good catholic priest , but he is n't a one trick pony and manages to show his considerable acting ( and directing ) skills throughout . this may be clint 's swansong film , but considering the calibre of films he is making at the moment it would be a great shame if that was so . this has a powerful ending that will resonate long after the credits have rolled and will have you coming back to it in your mind at odd times in the days after you watch the film . this may be a scathing indictment of modern life in some cities , but it also has a well written storyline with impact and power . needless to say , i highly recommend it.feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
= gran torino
< gran torino

> i 've owned most of the amazon-offered kindle covers , before this one , my main kindle/cover was the touch . i liked it , it worked , etc . but it 's just a cover . usually , slightly overly expensive . i debated on ordering the paperwhite cover , but i put in a pre-order and figured i 'd check it out . i barely even read the description , honestly . i ordered the `` persimmon '' color because it had the shorted lead time . yeah , i know ... a definite `` whatever '' order , right ? my paperwhite had special offers turned on . i had read a little about the cover and paperwhite previous to receiving mine . i popped the kindle into the cover , opened the cover ... and it did n't come on automatically like i expected . i was presented with a screen that i needed to swipe . that 's annoying . i paid the extra to have the special offers turned off and it works like i expected now . really awesome , actually . you open it and it brings you to right where you were . no button-pushing or screen-swiping required.the outside is textured so i feel like i have a better grip on it than my touch and it feels sturdy . i like the color pretty well , i was worried it would be a bright orange , but it 's a nice color - and it wo n't get lost in the sea of black covered tech items i have laying around this house ! the auto-on when you open it makes it well worth the price , in my opinion . i 'm extremely happy with this purchase ! recommended for paperwhite owners , of course !
= awesome cover -- if you do n't use special offers
< great cover , great for paperwhite !

> i ordered the new zealand ranch style dog treats because they looked intriguing and i can always use treats for my dogs . i have to papillion spaniels . unfortunately , after the package arrived , it disappeared . i was frantic and looked everywhere . later in the evening , my family had found the package . it appears that the smaller dog had managed to climb up on the chest where the package had been set and carried it off . she had spent the entire afternoon gnawing at the mailer , until she 'd managed to free the treat bag . unfortunately for her , the re-sealable zip lock bag the treats came in was impervious to her small teeth , so she ended up simply ` nesting ' with the package which is what she does with items she likes.so , i opened the package . they are about domino sized and a bit large for my small dog , but they come with a dent in the middle so the treat can be broken . we gave her one , and she eagerly ate the treat . she then stalked me watching me pleading for more until my sister came and took her away . i can see the treats are going to be something she really goes for.the verdict : my dog really likes these . enough to steal the mailer and try to open the package they came in- something she never does . i like them , because i like newman 's own because they contain organic ingredients , and i trust the brand . i like the fact that the package is re-sealable , and also that the treats do not smell unpleasant . this is a good item , and one i would recommend without reservation .
= my dog loves them a++++
< my dog really likes these

> i went back and forth between 4 and 5 stars but settled on 4 because i ca n't honestly say i enjoyed or even liked this book ... but it was a really interesting and emotionally devastating read . you ca n't really read a book like this one that deals with rape for sport of teenage girls by a group of disgusting teenage boys without having a physical reaction to it ... and that is what made me not enjoy reading . i had to close my kindle many times and walk away ... what would have normally taken me a few hours to read , took me a few days because it was really hard to digest in large doses.all this to say , if you can stomach a story about rape , revenge , atonement and emotional abuse , this book will satisfy you as a reader and make you think about what kind of human beings could behave in such a way and believe they are above the law . i wish i had felt more sympathy for brooke as well , but i felt like she made some really bad choices and took some foolish risks that ultimately caused her to pay a huge price . i really enjoyed s. walden 's & # 34 ; good & # 34 ; and was looking forward to reading another of her novels ... but whoa ... i got way more than i bargained for with this one . a good cautionary tale for teenage girls ( and boys ) . i need to go read something fluffy and light now to get out of this depressed state i was left in ... lol !
= need to go read something light and fluffy after this brutal book ... .
< a good cautionary tale

> peter jackson 's the lord of the rings : the two towers begins almost precisely where the fellowship of the ring left off . jackson 's overall goal of having the three films seamless fit together and someday be shown as a marathon at a cinema is bound to happen as the transition from fellowship to two towers is flawless.in many ways , the two towers is a better film than fellowship . the action is bigger , the cast is larger , the battles are more magnificient . the central cast of the film is split over three different parts of middle earth and the magnitude of the undertaking filming of tolkien 's beloved masterpiece can truly be recognized in this film.however , many will be upset over the many changes that have been made in the story . it must be granted that there are many more changes in two towers than there were in fellowship . nevertheless , many of the changes bring the text more to life , while others speed up the plot and make the film more interesting ( a movie and a novel are not the same thing ! ) which is something of a necessity in a three-hour film.i wo n't say much about the plot of the film other than to comment that the movie ends on even more of a cliff hanger than fellowship . whereas , the fellowship movie ended at the beginning of the two towers book , the two towers movie ends far short of where the book ends.great , rousing cinema with something for everyone . a wonderful way to spend an afternoon or evening .
= when we last left our heroes .
< the lord of the rings

> these tampons seem to work well . there is nothing fancy about them . they insert easily and are comfortable once they are properly in place . i did n't have any leaks with them , and that is rare for me . there are a lot of brands/types i wo n't use because of leaks . there are some playtex varieties that i wo n't use again , but this one worked well.the applicator does n't have any fancy rubber grips or anything like that , but i have n't had it slip or slide.the applicator seems a little shorter than others and the actual tampon seems a little shorter . i had to get used to the difference in depth when inserting them . it 's almost like you have to insert the applicator a little further in order to get the tampon in place , otherwise you can feel that the tampon is n't quite placed properly ... and once you remove the applicator you ca n't really change that.these seem to expand in a more circular motion . when you remove them , it is more of a `` plop '' than other brands , since it is shorter and wider . this is n't a complaint , just an observation of a difference between brands . i usually buy the original cardboard tampax or kotex security.the scent is a typical scented tampon smell.. no way to really describe it . every scented tampon i have ever used has always had the same smell . it 's light and you only smell it while they 're all there in the box .
= gentle glide fresh scent super
< works well , but not a good product

> i love cereal . love love love love love ! then i tried kay 's naturals protein cereal ... this is quite possibly the first time i did n't finish a bowl of cereal . the taste and texture of this stuff is miserable . the cereal is super light - it 's almost like eating rice chex or rice krispies in cheerios form . this is not bad until you put the cereal in milk ... it becomes like mush and practically dissolves in the milk . the flavor is bland , up until a certain point . about 3 bites in , i noticed this awful `` stevia gone chemical '' aftertaste . you know the flavor you get in your mouth after eating an artichoke or asparagus , and how it makes water taste sweet ? this was the flavor , except it was a million times worse . this noxious aftertaste was so off putting , i stopped eating . i could n't do it anymore ! i drank water and the flavor would n't leave . i ate a string cheese , and the flavor would n't leave . i started eating some hershey kisses , and the flavor lingers ... i 'm currently on my third cup of tea and this flavor is just not going anywhere.this cereal would work great as a diet aid for me because it 's making everything taste disgusting now ! the rest of this cereal is going straight to the compost heap , where it belongs ! not recommended ! yuck !
= this hideous taste wo n't leave ! ! !
< i love love love love love !

> in a culture fixated on self-help manuals and `` the secret '' to a content life , how can anyone resist reading `` an oral history of the zombie war '' ? the title alone demands immediate attention . this is stuff we need to know now ! with a bit of skepticism , i picked up `` world war z '' and began following our intrepid reporter 's globe-trotting tales of the war 's survivors . told in a pseudo-journalistic style , this book never fails to entertain ( as any good novel should ) , and never fails to use the zombie phenomenon as a lens for examining society 's ills.every once in a while , some satirical wit manages to bite through the calluses of our culture -- and max brooks book does exactly that . from his comments on the media 's use of fear , to the government 's bumbling ways in the midst of disastrous happenings , to the human drive to survive , `` world war z '' is a gruesome , intelligent , and memorable addition to the world of literature.if you 're looking for extreme elements of horror , you may be disappointed . if you 're hoping for a scathing diatribe of all that 's wrong in our world , you 'll be only temporarily soothed . but , if you 're ready for a brilliant mix of entertainment and social commentary , max brooks will humbly welcome you into his undead world .
= a humble welcome to the undead world
< the secret

> i ca n't even begin to tell you how much i love this film ! in my opinion , halloween is without a doubt , one of the best movies ever made ! i love everything about it ! i love that it takes place on halloween ! i love all the characters ; especially michael myers , dr. loomis , and laurie strode . i love the mood and atmosphere ! it has a classic horror story of a psychopath breaking out of smith 's grove sanitarium the night before halloween and the next day , returns to haddonfield , illinois and goes on a rampage and stalks three friends named laurie , annie , and lynda . dr. loomis tries to stop michael from killing anyone , but it 's already too late . laurie is babysitting tommy doyle , and next door , annie is babysitting lindsey wallace . michael waits patiently to make his move . i love michael 's mask ! it 's freakin ' awesome ! will laurie survive the dark , bloody halloween night ? if you love classic horror , i highly recommend halloween ! ! ! ! update 12/31/12 ; i got this movie on blu-ray as a christmas gift this year , and it was even more awesome . i 've watched it three times so far !
= the best horror movie ever made ! ! !
< halloween is without a doubt !

> a very pleasant surprise , the village , brings to the screen exactly what the title implies : the story of a remote village along with its inhabitants ! but that is not all ; it deals with concepts such as crime , tradition , good and evil , as well as change and progress . most importantly , it brings attention to and succeeds in making people aware of the existence of protestant fundamentalists and the sheer power of manipulation.joaquin phoenix , bryce dallas howard , and the rest of the cast , have outdone themselves with their performances , which are exceptional to say the least . the plot , the setting , the dialogues , and the costumes are all wonderful ! the village is a very good movie , guaranteed to provide an evening 's entertainment . in addition , it is one of those films that gets you and keeps you thinking long after it 's over.as is the case with the director 's other major movies , m. night shyamalan has not lost his touch in providing an unexpected ending.overall , it is a movie definitely worth watching ; after signs , the sixth sense , unbreakable and the others , m. night shyamalan has scored another major hit with the village !
= a movie worth watching
< `` i 'm a village ! ''

> quaker real medleys apple walnut oatmeal is similar to theirquaker instant oatmeal apples & cinnamon , 10-count boxes ( pack of 4 ) but comes in a convenient 290 calorie cup that helps you get out the door quickly in the morning . the cereal stays hot in the cardboard container and considering it has a lid and fits in most car cup-holders , it is great for the commute . to get the cranberries to rehydrate well you might have to stir , but otherwise you just pour boiling water , wait a few minutes and eat ( microwaving is even faster ~2 minutes including cooling off ) .the walnuts and fruit are chunky and delicious . i like to pour a little cream or whole milk in and it makes this oatmeal really satisfying . i like my oatmeal sweet and so this is just right for me , but it may be too sweet for some . it 's also very nutritious with 6g protein , 5g fiber and walnuts provide healthy fat . the ingredients are natural and wholesome , containing oats , brown sugar , cinnamon , cranberries , apples , walnuts ( with rosemary extract , mmm ) , barley and rye .
= perfect serving size
< great for the commute

> like many others who have read the lord of the rings books , i did so only after seeing the movies by peter jackson . and i read them in order , starting with the hobbit , and continuing with the three lotr books . among the four books , this is probably the most boring of them all , with dozens of characters , many with titles , a lot of side stories in the plot , a lot of text used for descriptions of scenery , and a lot of repetition . for those uninitiated with the lore and legend of middle earth , this book comes across as just another story of dragons , elves and dwarves set in a land that was probably medieval england post-roman empire . and there are the occasional songs and chants that break up the text . but the most important part of the story is the ring , which sets up the three lord of the rings books . the length and wordiness of the book puts it beyond the reach of most younger kids . personally , i hope this book gets turned into a major live-action movie .
= wait for the movie
< the lord of the rings

> i have fine , slightly wavy hair that is prone to frizziness , especially in the very humid conditions that are prevalent in my city . in the past , i have used argan oil after showering and before blow-drying to take away the frizz without weighing down my hair or making it look greasy . argan oil is quite expensive , though , so i decided to try this clear scalp hair oil as a less expensive alternative . bad decision . the clear scalp oil does have a nice , not overpowering tropical scent , and it was easy to apply to my hair . however , even a very small amount of the oil left my hair limp and greasy looking . i had to take another shower , and i had to wash my hair twice with shampoo in order to get all the oil out . this product might work for women with very coarse hair or perhaps very curly hair , but it does n't work for me . i 'm thinking it might make a nice furniture oil , though , since it has that lovely scent .
= not a substitute for argan oil
< works well , but does n't work for me

> i find most sodas to be a little heavy with flavor and carbonation ( just my own taste ) , but `` switch '' is a little lighter on both counts . i do like black cherry and it 's subtle enough , but 8.3 ounces is not very satisfying . i can gulp that down in three moves . they have added enough `` vitamin c '' ( and i do believe in lots of `` vitamin c '' for health ) , but like most ` natural type ' sodas , it is not a pure mix . this black cherry also contains apple , grape and cherry juices.but for about one dollar a can , it 's not a bad choice and there are no bad ingredients . like most beverages , you 'd have to taste it to see if it 's to your liking as all that is so subjective . good tasting to you !
= light , pure , but small
< good tasting , but not a bad choice

> this shaver was tested out in two different ways . i played barber and gave my husband a shave . the next day when my husband had new stubble he shaved himself . the results were identical.we both like the rubberized handle which provided stability . we agreed it would be unlikely to lose control of the razor . we also liked its design ; it was comfortable to hold . the pivot head was flexible . it conforms to the contours of the face . most importantly , it gave my husband one of the cleanest shaves he 's ever had . his skin was completely devoid of hair . there was no razor burn ; his skin was smooth and surprisingly soft.our only criticism is that in both situations multiple passes were required to achieve perfect results . this is def . a good razor and it is way better than most razors that are currently marketed .
= would be perfect except for one thing
< a good razor

> colleen hoover is beyond amazing . both the hopeless and slammed series are on my all time favorite list ! ! ! ! her writing and characters just ripe your heart out and put it back together again . there is no way to explain it you have to experience it . finding cinderella is perfect ! ! ! it does n't seem like a novella because it feels like a novel . it adds to the hopeless series with great depth and emotion . i loved every word ! she wrote it as a thank you to her readers but it is us who must thank her for sharing her amazing stories . stories that once read will never be forgotten ! colleen hoover you rock ! ! ! thank you !
= perfect ! ! ! !
< beyond amazing ! ! !

> this is a little more classic pattern than some of the other kindle covers that are available , while protecting and disguising your kindle to look like a diary ( maybe ) . this is n't just a little padding , it 's a cover that fits like a glove , without preventing access to any ports or buttons . the bonus is that it converts to a stand that 's great for providing hands free reading . the polka dot motif has some fun style to it , and will snugly fit the most kindle models although not the kindle fire . well worth the cost .
= classic design ... good protection
< great for kindle covers

> the smell of ginger is so overpowering that several of my co-workers walked in the break room and said , `` yuck , what 's that smell ? '' i drank it warm and it definitely burns the throat with the strong ginger taste . the aftertaste is what was the worst , it tasted like old lemons . i love moscow mule 's and ginger beer but just could n't handle this , it was just too strong , both in taste and smell . you 'd better be a ginger lover , that 's most definite .
= my co-workers made me leave the breakroom .
< yuck

> ***** 2006. adapted from a steven millhauser short story , the illusionist ( widescreen edition ) was written and directed by neil burger . it 's an outstanding love story in the vienna of the early xxth century . everything is perfect in this film : the production design , the actors , the philip glass musical score and the screenplay . just when you thought christopher nolan'sthe prestigewas the ultimate movie about magic , then came neil burger 's masterpiece . what a wonderful year for movie lovers !
= neil burger , opus 2
< the illusionist ( widescreen edition )

> this was a beautiful story of trying to let go of the past and move forward with life . claire had such a rough life and had to deal with things that would break most people . adam was the perfect person for her to move forward with since he had issues of his own . i was a litle worried at the beginning that their relationship happened too fast , but it worked in the end . i look forward to seeing where their story will lead .
= beautiful
< beautiful story

> the sweetest game did not disappoint in finishing off this series ! this book definitely deserves way more than 5 stars ! i highly recommend this series . a satisfying end to an incredible series ! i enjoyed this series immensely ! wonderful characters , great writing , and an engaging plot make this one of the best trilogies i have ever read ! very highly recommended.i 've waited so long for more jack fn carter ! and this book did not let me one bit .
= loved this series , hate to see it end .
< the sweetest game !

> i can not tell you how much i loved this series . if all australian men are this great then i need to find me one . lord have mercy . jack henry is the most loving , compassionate , caring , sexy , and thoughtful man alive . i do n't think i 've ever read about a man loving his wife as much as jack henry does . this book series was astounding . i thoroughly enjoyed every single minute . highly recommended !
= truly magnificent
< another great book by lord have mercy

> well , i bought it and the process was simple and everything worked as expected , so i suppose that 's all that you need , right ? these can be redeemed by visiting amazon , clicking on & # 34 ; gift cards & # 34 ; and entering the code . the amount purchased will then be credited to your account.i suppose one has to rate it 5 stars . easy to purchase and redeem , for me anyway .
= how do you rate a gift card , anyway ?
< works well

> this stuff is so good ! ! i am huge an of starbucks peppermint mocha lattes during the holidays , so i was a little skeptical of this instant drink ... but it was delicious ! ! i 'm a real coffee snob , and this one met my standards . it 's a great drink for a cold day . this scent is wonderful and inviting and it has the perfect amount of sweet .
= yum ! ! ! ! !
< delicious ! !

> nothing that i write is going to do this novel justice . this book speaks for itself.a brilliant debut by kathryn stockett that will become a classic . an excellent example of strong women willing to sacrifice their safety and life as they know it for a cause they believe in . this is a book i will be talking about for a long time.buy it !
= a brilliant debut that will become a classic .
< brilliant !

> we all want consistent dependability with out feminine hygiene products and playtex sport delivers ! it is perfect for everyone and not just those on the move ! i prefer the unscented version , but my daughter prefers the scented . to each his own on that count , i suppose . 5 stars from me ! the product delivers and i am a faithful customer !
= consistantly dependable !
< great for the move !

> i enjoyed this book as much as the first one . while i do n't necessarily agree with some parts of the book , i will say it is a book and i do n't read it to get medical facts , i read it to be entertained and this book did just that for me ! i love remy ! !
= remy
< remy

> these are quite a bit like the minty cookies the girl scouts sell . the mint flavoring is somewhat subtler than grasshoppers . add the world famous oreo creme and you have a definite delight . my only complaint was that there were not enough in the box once my family found me !
= oreo , always a winner
< tasty !

> this is my 3rd time reading it and it gets me every time . their love for each other is wonderful and sweet . julianne has n't had a wonderful loving life with people who care for her and love her back . she is forgiving and that 's what gabriel needs most .
= love gabriel
< love love love

> jeanette walls , the glass castle is a well written autobiography of a dysfunctional family who managed to stay together as a unit.nash black , author of travelers
= interesting read
< well written

> a sweet and inspiring , but bordering saccharine and male-focused tale about a shephard following and achieving his dreams .
= mixed reaction
< sweet and inspiring

> i have been hearing a lot about his book for a while now so i finally dove in and i was n't disappointed ! i think the sweetest thing i ever read is when eva meets deuce for the first time when she was 5 years old , i swear i wanted to jump in the book just to be in her presences it was that damn sweet . their age difference did them no favors nor did them being from 2 different clubs but it was in the stars for them or at least i thought . when i thought things were going to work out deuce did something stupid and i ached for eva but she was a tough girl and went about her life . then by chance they would cross paths again and i would think finally this time but nope . i was feeling like they were never going to get to have their hea but in the same token i was starting to root for frankie , even know he 's crazy but crazy in love with eva so it was kind of sweet in an overbearing sick way . needless to say my feelings were all over the place . there 's lots of action & drama that will keep you on edge waiting for the next explosion to hit . fabulous ending . we get a taste of danny & ripper who 's story comes out sometime this year `` unbeautifully '' .quotes : '' he liked me . this was hands down the best day ever . ''
= not your average love story
< i was n't disappointed !

> the newman 's own organics dark chocolate bar offers a 2.25 ounces of smooth but unimpressive dark chocolate flavor . it 's of medium taste quality , in my opinion , like it 's missing something.packaged in a small brown and black wrapper , this candy bar is created using 54 % cocoa , which has proven to be beneficial for cardiovascular well-being , reducing your risks of blood clots , heart attacks and strokes . on the downside , this bar contains 330 calories , which compared to a regular candy bar without healthy cocoa ingredients , is a high fat content . when compared to other bars packed with healthier cocoa , the newman 's own organics dark chocolate bar does compare in that regard.newman 's own gives all of it 's profits to charity , and the company motto is `` shameless exploitation in pursuit of the common good . '' they are a company that does the right thing and sets the standard by which other companies should follow.just for the chocolate , i 'd probably pass . but if i have to have chocolate , and i do have to have it , i 'd choose newman 's own organics over another brand that does n't use good business practices and donate their profits to charity ; right up there with supporting mom and pop stores and shopping local grocers instead of buying at the nearest big-box super center.so it 's not just a chocolate bar . it 's a chocolate bar that pays it forward .
= bland dark chocolate flavor ; all profits go to charity
< chocolate bar with a high fat content

> drinks and food are hard to rate because everyone has their own taste . so here 's my take - i thought this drink tasted more like a fruit soda without being overly sweet.i am a big fan of drinking sparkling mineral water . my favorites are san pellegrino and perrier . sometimes i add a twist of an orange or lemon slice to add some flavor and i thought this drink might be a great alternative . it 's similar to orangina but much cheaper , a little sweeter and more fruity . i deducted a point because although the orange taste was there , there was an undefinable fruity taste as well . when i took a gander at the can , i noted that it is made up of several fruit juices ( from concentrates ) such as apples , lemons , white grapes and oranges . what happened to the clementine ? it 's advertised as an all natural healthy drink . hmmm . there are 80 calories to a can which is only 8.4 ozs . there are 19 grams of sugar in each can ( compared to a 12 oz . can of soda which has around 39 grams ) . it does contain 10 % of recommended daily doses of vitamin c , vitamin b6 and niacin . my kids seem to like it and since they are not allowed to drink soda , this does the trick for a special treat .
= it 's all a matter of taste
< a little sweeter , but not a good alternative

> its surprising how some books get turned into feature-length movies almost annually , such as alice in wonderland , while other books rarely get the big-screen treatment maybe once a generation . the sherlock holmes stories are a great example of the latter . written for both adult and teenage audiences , they are found in every library , yet outside of the occasional pbs special , i 've never seen a recent movie based on any of the books . but hollywood finally caught up , and produced a very good movie near the end of 2009. framed as the beginning of a movie franchise , this movie does not spare any expense . it features a cast full of stars such as robert downey jr. , rachel mcadams , and jude law . there are great special effects , an original soundtrack , solid costume and set design , and very believable action scenes . the best part of the movie however is the plot ; you the viewer figure it out as sherlock holmes figures it out . this keeps up the suspense level . all in all , a great movie ; i 'm surprised it did not do better at the theaters .
= good original movie ; good acting and storyline
< a great movie , but not great

> despite their tremendous health benefits , i have not had sardines in years . they always seemed a bit fussy with the can with the key and the cheaper versions were repellant , mushy and smelling like bad cat food . then i attended a party where they were served both as a mousse on crackers and in a lettuce roll up with a touch of sriracha sauce and my interest was renewed.these sardines comes nicely packed in a double layer with extra virgin olive oil . there was no key and the pop top cover opened without issue . the aluminum can is both recyclable and bha free.the sardines were attractive and had a taste that was assertive without being overwhelming . i prefer them with a squirt of lemon and/or a touch of spice . the texture was pleasing and the taste clean and pure . they are kosher and preservative free.if you like sardines or are hoping to integrate them in your diet , this is a good quality product . the fish are attractive with appealing taste and texture and the packaging is eco friendly . truly a delightful gift from the sea . recommended .
= key free treat from the sea
< sardines

> bob and charlotte are 2 americans in tokyo . bob is a movie star in tokyo to shoot a whiskey commercial , and charlotte is tagging along with her workaholic photographer husband . bob and charlotte meet in a hotel bar one lonely night , and they hit it off . they have a great adventure in tokyo and discover new possibilities for their lives.this movie is very unique . it has a very roller coaster like vibe . one minute you 're feeling lonely and down , then all of a sudden you 're at a night club or an arcade or singing karaoke . the two characters are both very different , but find common ground and become close . this movie also reminds us that life has endless possibilities , to seize the day , and not to take what we have for granted . it 's not for children . there is some explicit content in it , but it 's a great emotional movie for a mature viewer that wants to watch something different .
= unique and engaging
< a great adventure

> this penlight gives off a strong beam of light which is great for helping to find small dropped items or for spot checking areas that need to be cleaned ( it shows where dust is ) . it is nice and sturdy with a rubber on/off switch located in the back of it . it comes with batteries , so you can use it right away . this is a very convenient and good quality item to have around . from helping find the door lock at night to looking into tight areas , it is really useful . i took off one star because it does n't seem to be able to be adjusted into a tight , smaller beam . still , it gives off a very bright for it 's size and seems to be well made.update : i was visiting family in wyoming and we needed to light up the inside of a dark barn . my father had a maglite , but this little penlight lit up the entire huge area .
= a nice bright penlight
< great for small dropped

> this is my first time trying this brand and also the first time trying the scented kind . though it has a plastic applicator which makes it easy to slide , the base of the applicator is flimsy and comes apart easily . i had trouble to the point that the insertion hurt and was uncomfortable . i tried it several times during the first couple of days of my period and i still leaked . i just could n't get it right . they felt awkward all alone . not sure i 'll continue to use them though i like the scent ( more like ` perfumed ' ) . i was concerned of the possible chemicals used to scent these but it did n't bother me , or maybe i just did n't keep it long enough to bother me . either way , i wo n't be buying more of these brand , i will stick to u-kotex - they are smaller and less uncomfortable .
= awkward
< not for me

> this turned out to be a very good movie about johnny cash.themovie takes you to his early days growing up in arkansas.youare also shown the harsh treatment that cash recieved from his father.cash 's brother was killed which further divided fatherand son.cash also played alongside some of the legends of themusical world like carl perkins , elvis pressley , and waylon jennings.cash 's addiction to drugs is well displayed in this movie.his career took a beating , his marriage failed , and he hitrock bottom during this period of his life.the heroic efforts ofjune carter and her family helped him defeat this addiction andget back on his feet.after that the career of johnny cash skyrocketed.he did his famous `` folsom prison '' recordings thatdominated the music scene in the world.he was able to have his own television show.he became one of the most beloved figures in the world.he also married june carter.he has since passed away but he left a giant impact.long live johnny and june .
= outstanding movie !
< johnny cash and june

> i love tea and am always trying new flavors . this tea has a rich combination of fruity and fragrant flavors but for me , personally it was a bit much , in terms of smell and taste . the tea smells very strongly like vanilla , and is not as 'subtle ' as others i 've tried . in isolation , each flavor perhaps would have made a nice enhancement to a black tea , for instance , but together , the fragrance and flavors were slightly overpowering for me . i did like the fact that it was caffeine free , which meant i could try it at any time of day without worrying about staying awake , and the flavor combination was relatively novel . this one was a bit strong for my taste , in the end .
= a bit too fragrant for me
< a bit strong for me

> like a myriad of other reviewers i 'm also a film purist , i like to see a film in its original theatrical form and format . making changes ( adding or cutting ) is akin to blasphemy as far as i 'm concerned . furthermore , being of an age that allowed me to see 'star wars ' , 'the empire strikes back ' and 'return of the jedi ' during their original theatrical release ( '77-'83 ) . i cringe at the thought of watching what lucas has done.however with that said i have to admit the 'star wars ' trilogy as it is still demands enough loyality and interest to persuade many to acccept them as offered . i 'll await the release of the original versions scheduled for dvd release later this year .
= `` help you i will '' ~ that means you mr. lucas
< the wars of the jedi

> this is a great deodorant . it has a nice , pleasant smell that is not overpowering and it is effective at keeping me from sweating.the downside ? i am not a fan of the packaging . it is a click deodorant - you are supposed to click twice and the cream rises . i find this application method annoying as it makes it really hard to apply without getting it on your clothing . unlike the conventional deodorant application method , if you brush the top of this applicator to your clothing , you lose all two clicks of deodorant on your shirt , before you can make it to your armpit .
= great deodorant , bad packaging
< great deodorant

> fudge flavored chocolate chips ? soft cookie ? sounds good , huh ? well , it 's on ok cookie , not a great one . the `` soft '' style of cookie just does n't have the taste of the harder original style and the fudge chip tends to overpower the cookie as well . in fact , i am more fond of the original chips ahoy than these.that being said , i ate the whole package because , let 's face it - an ok cookie is better than no cookie at all .
= good , not great
< not bad , but not great

> i 've always liked nabisco fig newtons with the thick filling . these newton fruit thins fit in to the newton family of products well . the thin cookie was bursting with blueberry flavor & a hint of brown sugar . it had just the right amount of sweetness . i enjoyed it with a cup of cofffee . something about it reminds me of the fig newtons in a good way . i look forward to trying all the flavors .
= yummy
< great taste

> screen protectors are a necessity in today 's world of touch screen tablets and phones . they are n't rocket science , but they do need to accomplish some basic things.they need to adhere to the screen easily and smoothly.they need to stay adhered firmly.they need to be tough enough to resist scratching and marring.they need to be sensitive enough to allow the touch screen to remain responsive.these screen protectors accomplish all four tasks .
= good screen protector
< good for screen tablets

> overall great story concept and characters i was hooked . that said this book and book two should have been edited down to 1. caution , this one ends on a cliffhanger . seems childish and full of fluff for many many pages . this author is very good , she needs a tough editor to help her cut out the nonsense that adds nothing to the storyline .
= this story has promise
< great story

> this is one of my favorite books . it 's a great tale about utopia , censorship , and decline of our collective culture into a mass of visual goo . it 's bradbury at his best . he kind of cheats a little with the ending , but the overall quality and message of the book makes it one of the finest pieces of literature out there .
= one of the best
< the best of the series

> this is by far the funniest movie i have seen in years . yeah , it has a lot of swearing , sex talk , and other material not suitable for all audiences , but ... come on , it 's hilarious ! steve carrell leads a great ensemble cast in the story of a fellow who feels the pressure to de-virginate himself because of his age .
= i laughed like a nutter the whole time
< the funniest movie of years

> this wrist rest fits the bill . the `` pleather '' cover looks nice and is anti-microbial - a good thing considering all of the stories you hear about how germy the average person 's desk is . it has enough heft that it does n't move around too much , which is a plus as well .
= very comfortable - fits the bill
< nice wrist rest

> great product ! tastes good , is healthy and does n't have too much caffiene so that it makes you jittery . only thing is i wishe it lasted longer . because for me , with the caffiene in it i do n't drink it every day and quite a bit of it will go to waste .
= yummy
< great product !

> i do n't think i have laughed so much in awhile . i was crying so hard i could n't read . this book is amazing and i 'm glad i read it upon numerous recommendations . i would love to oooohhhh and aaaaahhhh however you need to read it yourself .
= omg hilariously invigorating
< wow

> i really enjoyed this book and for a relatively short book it covered all the bases , the characters are good , have depth and history , sex to make it a hot read and enough story to keep the reader interested so all in all a great little book .
= surprisingly good
< great book

> this is a sturdy box for our heavier items like books and kitchenware . i agree with the other reviewer that it was a bit difficult to figure out how to fold the box . we plan to use it as a temporary storage box once we move in .
= sturdy box for heavier packing needs
< sturdy box

> normally i 'm all about the man in the books i read , but i just have to say i loved nora , my heart ached for her ! ! very well written and i 'm looking forward to the next book ! !
= loved nora !
< loved it ! !

> i love books about motorcycle clubs . i 'm a huge fan of sons of anarchy . this book reminds me of that . it is a great book and a great series . i ca n't wait to see what is next .
= reapers
< great book

> gabriel is redeemed in this book , his love and sacrifices for julianne is so present . this book brings closure to several characters lives and prominent is gabriel ' as his fears and past are addressed . i liked this book .
= gabriel 's comeback ... ... ... ... .
< a must read

> i seriously love this book . i kept trying to slow down so i would n't come to the end . i think this could he my new favorite series . god i ca n't wait till the next one comes out .
= ahhh ruger
< love this series

> a great story that keeps you interested and wanting for more . i loved the characters and story line and the twist to the story that i was n't expecting .
= pulse
< great story

> after so many frustrating applications and reapplications , this proved much easier to install and without all the annoyances of the others i 've tried before it .
= so much better than screen applications
< works well

> very great series . however i do n't like all the cliffhangers . wow . but i hope all three couples have a happy ending . please
= yes . yes . yes .
< loved it

> at our house we prepare this is the keurig use-your-own cup . it compares very favorably with the products in the takeaway shops .
= the real deal
< great cup of use-your-own

> i love abbi glines and this is a great book in a new series . ca n't wait to read marcus ' story .
= first in the series ...
< love abbi glines

> i thoroughly enjoyed stephen king 's latest novel , `` 11/22/63 '' , and because i have posted critical reviews of some of his previous works as being in desperate need of an editor , i thought it only fair to post of positive review of this well executed thriller.i 'm a sucker for a good time-travel story and will add this one to my list of the best in the genre . there is something about the creativity , the science , the challenge to the reader 's sense of logic , the paradoxes and the sheer romance of time-travel that really hooks me as a reader when it 's done right . and king did it right ; i could n't turn the pages fast enough.but it was n't just the plot that captivated me ; i cared about the characters , especially when george/jake got to jodie , texas . my mind kept racing ahead to possible outcomes - but it 's futile to try to out-guess stephen king when it comes to suspense ! this is a writer who is brave enough to have killed off major characters in several of his novels - so you never know what twist is lurking on the next page.so thank you , mr. king ! you are certainly not done yet ! ( p.s . king is also a master of the novella . i highly recommend his collection of four novellas in , `` full dark , no stars '' , but be warned ; it 's raw . not for kids or sensitive readers . )
= king hits it out of the park !
< a great time-travel story

> i have been using the jarrow formula lutein for about 3 weeks , during this time i have gained the ability to see through most substances ( except oddly ... . lead ) . i have also gained the ability to shoot heat rays from eyes . the only drawback ... . i now have this weakness when exposed kryptonite . crazy stuff ... .ok , so jarrow formula lutein has not given me the ability to see through walls , and the ability to shoot heat rays , but it does seem to have helped the overall health of my eyes . i wear contact lenses ( for about 20 years ) and since i have started taking the lutein supplement my eyes do feel better . they seem more moist and a little less irritated , which is saying something since we ( at the time of this review ) are entering the allergy season . is the lutein the reason ... ? as far as taking the pills - they are medium sized gel capsules that are relatively easy to swallow . i have had no negative side effects , and i may be experiencing some overall improvement in my eyes.final verdict - it is always hard to demonstrate the effectiveness of a supplement , but i plan on buying more of the jarrow formula lutein once my first bottle is empty ! 5 stars
= the eyes have it !
< my eyes do feel better

> i usually use tide powder detergent , but was glad to give the liquid a try in my washer . i got a new washer the other year and it requires high efficiency detergent , so that & # 8217 ; s what i always use . this tide liquid was easy . the cap has markings for you to measure the desired amount and then pour it into your machine . as expected , it also has a reservoir so the extra liquid from the cap goes back into the container instead of leaking down the outside.the detergent cleans well and the fabric softener makes the clothes and towels much softer than detergent that lacks it . this tide also has an april fresh scent . it & # 8217 ; s floral and pleasant . when the laundry is wet though , such as when you move it from the washer to dryer , the scent is overwhelming . it & # 8217 ; s so strong , i prefer to hold my breath as i switch the clothes . it & # 8217 ; s fine though hen the laundry is dry . i & # 8217 ; ve used tide detergents for years . this one works just as well as any others i & # 8217 ; ve tried .
= great he liquid
< easy to use , strong scent

> not being a big robert downey jr. fan , i thought this movie would be bad . on the contrary . this is the role that downey jr. was born to play ! the movie is not only good it is one of the best action films to come out in years ! everybody cast was perfect from terrance howard as tony stark 's military friend , to gwyneth paltrow as a very sexy version of pepper potts ( stark 's fawning and overprotective administrative assistant ) .stark is a wild playboy genius who reminds me of the mozart character in amadeus . after being almost killed by a mine explosion from one of his own company 's weapons , stark becomes a changed man who is more interested in saving the world than creating weapons . unfortunately his evil partner and mentor , obadiah stane has other ideas.the action is great and iron man 's suit is very believable . it is amazing to see stark dressed by robot helpers and to see how the armor goes on.warning - make sure you stay past the end of the credits or you will miss an important few minutes of added story that will set up the movie continuation and also introduce a familiar face .
= do n't miss this one !
< a great action film !

> this aloe water does not have a very appealing appearance when you remove the seal - sort of foamy , medicinal type small bubbles . it looks as if it will taste awful ; but when cold from the refrigerator the taste is better than expected . it is bland and reminds one of a watered down drink of some sort . i sipped at it , but as it came up to room temperature , it began to remind me more and more of a prep my doctor has given me - that is definitely not pleasingthe bottle has 2 servings at 18 calories each and the main ingredient is water , and then certified organic aloe vera inner leaf powder . it does state that most aloe beverages are shipped thousands of miles and this is locally sourced ... this is bottled in california and to the east coast is well over 2,000 miles - so that statement is not really valid for shipments to the east.with the poor taste and an unwillingness to try more , i can not tell if this does have the digestive , immune and skin health benefit it claims and it gives no timeframe when these might take place .
= okay cold , pretty bad at room temperature
< not really for me

> author colleen hoover does it again with slammed . to say this book is an amazing read seems like such a useless word , it & # 8217 ; s astounding , heart-felt , powerful , loving and absolutely wonderful . while reading this book you will feel what the characters feel ; their heartbreak , love , rejection , determination , devotion the list goes on and on . i have yet to read a book by this author that hasn & # 8217 ; t completely captivated me from beginning to end . i recommend this read to anyone who knows what it is to fight for love while trying to do what & # 8217 ; s right , only to learn in the end that the heart wants what it wants . the very thing you are fighting against is the one thing to set you free . this book beyond recommendation ; this isn & # 8217 ; t a you should read , it & # 8217 ; s a you must read .
= slammed
< amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> it was a good read and story . nico an mma fighter needing to get out of a contract seeks help from a lawyer which leads to elle . elle is going through life and not really living it . elle has a good life . a job she loves , a great apartment , and the guy she 's been dating for more than two years is a catch and a half . then nico walks into elle 's office and everything changes ... for both of them . you have your tattooed bad boy feel in nico and you herione is a brave young lady . but the story is a little boring in spots . i was looking for the guy she was dating & # 34 ; william & # 34 ; to put up a fight for her . i guess , i was looking for a little bit more drama with both their lives then what was there . but it was still a nice read .
= 3.5 stars ... ... ..
< good read

> i can not live without my kindle . i take it everywhere with me . i 've had it since feb. and i read on it constantly ( about 4books a week ) . i have n't had a problem with it . one thing i wish it had for books is different folders to save books to . its fast and clear and the perfect size . i would n't want a bigger one because it would be to awkward to hold while reading ... to heaving and uncomfortable.. i could see getting a bigger one if you are n't going to use it a lot or if you are n't going to use it for long periods of time . for me ... for reading ... this is perfect . we are even thinking about getting our two year old twins one each for christmas . they love playing games on it .
= nothing but love for my kindle !
< i can not live without my kindle

> when i first started reading 'the hunger games ' , i had no idea it was a trilogy , until the last page of the first book.since that first book was so extraordinary , i felt that this was a gift from the author and where could she possibly take the reader , without rehashing the first book ? 'catching fire ' , while very good could not compare to the first book . often times , i found the settings and challenges to be confusing . the newer characters were too late in development , and the end a mish mosh at times.still it was a 'good ' read.perusing reviews of book three , i am on the fence as to whether i shall read it.will keep you posted ! update ... read book three ... and ... .. ! ! ! !
= not enough fire ...
< a gift for the hunger games

> `` kraft velveeta chicken and broccoli skillets dinner kit '' is ok for a quick meal for those people that are n't picky about what they eat . think of it as `` hamburger helper '' , except made for chicken . it actually taste pretty good , but forget about seeing any actual broccoli on your plate . what they call broccoli looks more like specks of parsley , or as others have described it `` broccoli dust '' . the box claims to feed 5 people . forget it . if you eat an average sized portion , it will feed 3. used as a side dish , perhaps it will feed 4. i enjoyed it , but would n't want to eat it regularly . for a quick meal in a pinch though , it 's pretty good .
= ok for a quick meal .
< ok for a quick meal

> prepared as directed , except used much cheaper cut of meat , and added vegetables ( 1 onion , cut into medium wedges , about a cup of halved mini carrots , saut & eacute ; ed in the pan immediately after the meat , and 2 small russet potatoes , peeled , boiled , and cut into chunks ) . incredibly fast , easy and delicious . very rich.recommend whisking the sauce together , as the coconut powder wanted to clump.with the vegetables , you get about 5 generous servings . the nutrition facts lists 15 servings , for some reason -- maybe because curry paste would typically be portioned as a condiment ? will be buying this again . i think it would also be delicious vegetarian , with a potato and veg base . yummy !
= delicious and speedy
< fast , delicious , and delicious !

> sony 's spider-man came out around 2002 and it was due for a reboot . however , for fans old enough to remember the 2002 version , you will feel a sense of deja-vu . it just seems too reminiscent of the toby movies . the cgi looks nice , but you feel like you are watching scenes from a video game.i love spider-man so i was excited for this , but was very disappointed . it has its moments and seeing spider-man swing around is awesome . it just was n't that exciting watching him chase a lizard in the sewers . i do n't think the lizard by himself was enough to hold the movie as the main vilian . it 's a movie worth watching , but not really something worth owning .
= if you saw the toby spider-man ... .
< not bad , but not great

> version : u.s.a / region freeaspect ratio : 1.85:1vc-1 bd-50running time : 1:24:40movie size : 24,852,836,352 bytesdisc size : 42,219,444,202 bytesaverage video bit rate : 30.42 mbpsdolby truehd 5.1 ( 48khz/24-bit ) englishdolby digital 5.1 640 kbps french / spanish / portuguesesubtitles : english / english sdh / french / spanish / portuguese # director 's commentary # cloverfield visual effects ( hd , 23 minutes ) # the making of cloverfield ( hd , 28 minutes ) # i saw it ! it 's alive ! it 's huge ! ( hd , 6 minutes ) # deleted scenes ( hd , 3 minutes ) # alternate endings ( hd , 5 minutes ) # clover fun ( hd , 4 minutes ) # viral videos # x creatures # military cast
= movie : 3.5/5 picture quality : 2.5~4.5/5 sound quality : 5/5 extras : 4.25/5
< cloverfield - blu-ray info

> this d-link router handles all my equipment , which is currently one desktop , two laptops , three ipads , one itouch , a wii , a ps3 , a printer and 2 cell phones . no problems , and in fact , facetiming with the ipads seems better , smoother , and cleaner with less hangups . setting up the router was pretty straight forward ( i 'm getting good at this ) and did n't take that long.signal range is very good and i can get a good signal even outside my house and in the basement ! nice ! ! ! i also love the design . it does n't look like a router . i like that it is not one big square box . very sleek .
= handles all my needs , including guests and it looks great !
< very good

> some kids in a small ohio town are filming a movie when they witness a train crash . mysterious things begin to happen around town and the kids are right in the middle of all the occurrences . this is a very exciting science fiction drama that is sort of a cross between e.t . and close encounters . the acting , the visuals and the sound effects here are all top notch , and there is constant excitement throughout . the movie can be a little intense at times , so it may not be for children . if you are looking for pure escapism , and a movie that will keep you on the edge of your seat , this is the one .
= pure excitement !
< a very exciting science fiction drama

> i drink a lot of ice tea mostly premade in bottles ( honest tea , tazo , pure leaf and anything else the store has ) . this is an expensive habit and i do feel bad because of all the plastic and glass that it bottled in.when i saw a k cup i gave it a try figured nothing to lose . i was surprised at how close it tasted to the sweet tea my grandma made when she use to brew it in the sun . it comes out sweet and crisp and in my opinion very refreshing . it may become my go to iced tea and per serving it much cheaper than the bottles i normally buy .
= a solid iced tea
< sweet and refreshing

> wow , was this movie intense ! i kept wishing for a tidier ending , but there was nothing 'tidy ' in this story . a hard working man living in a trailer ( played expertly by josh brolin ) stumbles upon a drug deal gone bad while hunting , he 's not prepared for the consequences of his actions when he takes the cash . this is no easy money for the battered war vet and a blood trail is soon left in the wake of his actions . well deserving of the oscar for bardem and a film that will not soon be forgotten ! chrissy k. mcvay - author
= intense
< intense !

> i love soda probably more than i should and one of my favorite flavors for it is cherry . but this soda was sickeningly sweet . i had a cherokee red and then this and the switch tasted like bad cough syrup . i know they claim that it 's only good ingredients and nothing bad for you in it , but that makes me wonder how the heck their getting this so sweet . maybe if they dialed the sweetness back it would be ok. but as is , i tossed most of this down my kitchen sink and that 's a cardinal sin in my house .
= inedible !
< sweet and sweet

> this is the concluding sequel to the proposition and is a light-hearted romantic read . i like the couple , emma and aidan and their interactions were sweet yet steamy . following aidan 's almost betrayal in `` the proposition '' , emma left aidan and both of them were miserable . aidan realized that he wanted to be with emma and tried really hard to get her back but emma resisted allowing him back into heart , fearing another betrayal . added to her confusion was her attraction to the perfect indian doctor , pesh .
= concluding sequel
< a light-hearted romantic read

> i was n't sure how well this would work with it being all plastic . it did ok , i 'd prefer not having it all in a spiral but that is the way it worked . it is a good addition to the kitchen tools.10/11/12 and several pineapples later this thing works great ! however you do not get as much out of the pineapple as you do with a knife but less than 5 minutes with this or 15 minutes with a knife , i settle for a little less pineapple .
= works pretty slick
< did n't work for me

> this is a great tea cup . it 's beautiful and works really well.the double wall keeps your tea hot but not the cup or your fingers , and the 'tea bag buddy ' can be a cover for your cup as well as a way to get your tea bag out , and squeeze it , without getting tea all over your fingers.it 's 16oz . so holds a nice size cup of tea and is microwave safe . it would make a nice gift as well . recommended !
= my new favorite tea cup !
< great tea cup

> wow , wow , wow ! ! ! loved it ! very emotional and involved . i was sucked in by these characters . a beautiful but sad storyline . i hated the cliffhanger but i hoping for a hea after everything these two have been through . i know it 's out there some where , some how . looking forward to it jessica ; - ) ! thanks for the great read once again !
= heart tugging !
< wow ! ! !

> this book was really good . colton is hot and sexy and of course rich with issues ... .rylee is the typical good girl with a past of her own hoping to be the one to change colton but he is a hard egg to crack ... i wish the women would just give it right back to these guys that 's my only complaint ... other than that i loved this book .
= great book
< loved it !

> will smith , bill pullman , jeff goldblum and randy quaid starin this 1996 sci-fi film . aliens invade earth and the peopleunite to fight back . i 've always liked this film and this dvdhas nice picture and sound plus neat extras . this is a greatsci-fi flick with a good cast and cool effects . i recommendthis .
= `` great sci-fi flick ! ''
< `` i love this film ! ''

> just a quick read update for lanie and noel . you learn lots of what is happening or going to change with them in the near future , but what a great follow up to get your through to the next book . looking forward to the next storyline involving riff and aubrey .
= `` this is just the start to our forever ''
< good read

> i just received the moshi ivisor screen protector in the mail this afternoon . i followed the instructions , applied the protector and it is perfect . no bubbles and perfectly clear screen . this is the best screen protector i have ever had . love it ! i highly recommend it .
= perfect ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< the best screen protector i have ever had

> this is good for your stay-at-home kindle . it looks nice , more bookish , well put together . my kindle travels with me all the the time , so to that end , i want something that zips or snaps closed to better protect the face .
= nice looking
< good for your kindle

> this is a great conditioner . it has helped to tame my fly aways and heal my damaged hair . also it smells di inert . i cat h the fresh scent randomly throughout the day after i use it .
= softens my hair and smells good
< great conditioner

> the beginning of the sinners series . olivia can write hot , hot , rocker romance and this book proves it without a doubt ! love this author and the series !
= a must read !
< loved it !

> my husband loved it , he said the berries were very good and he would buy it in a heart beat - if the price point was good .
= a huge hit !
< great berries

> jules and nates story with a touch of natalie & luke too ! ! look for more from this author as she is on fire !
= jules !
< loved it !

> this book was fabulous i could n't put it down . i loved it . i ca n't wait to read the next book .
= enjoyable book .
< loved it

> eternal sunshine is a clever movie that explores the concept of memory being erased to remove unpleasant memories . the setting is a dreary , blighted area of long island ny and the beaches of montauk , where the disrupted romance of the jim carrey & kate winslet characters begins . the story shifts back and forth in time as well as in and out of the mind of the carrey character . the supporting cast includes elijah wood and kirsten dunst , with each supporting character playing an important role in the progression of the plot . the story can be confusing at times during the film , and overall the movie leaves a bittersweet emotional aftertaste . there are a couple interesting philosophical quotes presented by the dunst character , and the very nature and setting of the film are rather curious in light of documented stories and rumors about mind control/manipulation experiments and projects carried out by government/occult groups using a military facility at montauk . the wintery scenes and changes in winslet 's hair color in the course of the film are quite metaphoric of what is happening within the consciousness of the lead character , and can also be used to help track the temporal sequence of the film . this film is quite intriguing , though it has a somewhat ambivalent ending that wo n't satisfy those seeking story closure or a `` feel good '' conclusion . carrey 's role is quite serious , although he gets to show some of his childish side in sequences where he goes back into his mind and tries to modify his own memories to hide his consciousness of his girlfriend from the memory erasing apparatus . this movie is philosophical and suspenseful , too sophisticated to be a blockbuster but a real treat for those who enjoy an artful original story .
= unsettling drama with excellent cast and original plot
< clever , but not great

> h. g. wells wrote the novel over a century ago and steven spielberg has done a fantastic job of incorporating some of the literary tale 's elements into his version : the tripods and their ear-shattering `` ulla ! `` , the heat ray , the retaining baskets , the growth of the `` red weed , '' the demented `` ogilvey '' ( tim robbins ) , the devastating onslaught from the invaders , man 's futile efforts to defend himself , and the final `` solution , '' among other parts familiar to fans of the book.the director also paid tribute to producer george pal 's 1953 technicolor classic by using a similar `` probe '' into the basement occupied by cruise and daughter fanning , the destruction of a church , an american setting , and a brief appearance by the earlier film 's stars : gene barry and ann robinson.there are many tense scenes , making this film not quite suitable for younger audiences . the sound is loud and abrasive , befitting the on-screen destruction . surprisingly , john williams 's score is quite subtle and , on occasions , is barely audible.actingwise , cruise , contrary to his behavior off-screen , asserts himself well as the estranged father of two kids who must now do all that he can to save his children , as well as himself . fanning 's strong performance shows why she is one of most popular child performers today . and robbins is appropriately creepy as the man with the plan to bring down the invaders.while megahit `` independence day '' toured similar ground , `` war of the worlds '' is more the work of a master storyteller and his name is steven spielberg.that alone makes it a film not to be missed !
= good homage to both wells ' novel and pal 's movie !
< the best of the name

> when i watched the trailor of this film i thought to myself now this looks quite promising . often i end up in theaters and renting dvds for films which i never liked ( day after tomorrow , the recruit , italian job , from cradle to grave and the list goes on ... ) so i 'm sitting at the start of the film wondering what to expect and i am simply amazed by the will smith 's larger than life character in the film . we wouldnt like running into similar people in our lives but i do know i quite enjoyed watching how cool will smith 's character is.he wears this long leather jacket which fits him like second skin.his walk exemplifies the brashness of his character . he 's not meant for smooth talk and isnt a wise guy in the film.i think the robots in the film were rather intelligently designed.there are many scenes in the film that are most superbly shot , plenty of fast cars , brilliant action sequences ( especially the robots v/s humans ) i wouldnt say the last 30 mins or climax of the film was exhilerating . the entire film has this certain adrenaline inducing smoothness about it . so much so that i think will smith was the perfect character for this . recently , i rented the dvd to give the film a second watch . it made a good second watch . now how many films can do that ? i will be purchasing the dvd soon.p.s - i 've seen the `` men in black '' series and am not a fan . if you expect this to be something like that then look elsewhere . this is only `` better '' .
= thoroughly entertaining
< a cool film

> signs ( m. night shyamalan , 2003 ) m. night shyamalan 's third film makes me wonder : all those people who watched unbreakable and trashed it , then watched signs and loved it ... what exactly were they smoking at the time ? signs is everything unbreakable was not : boring , badly-paced , lacking in tension . the only good thing about the movie ( and to be fair , it was a very good thing ) was the acting by all the principals . mel gibson , while not acting with the intensity here that he gave in braveheart , payback , or even chicken run , turns in a good performance , while both joaquin phoenix and rory culkin give the performances of their careers . unfortunately , however , it 's not enough to give the movie the power it needs to get from jump-in-your-chair scene to jump-in-your-chair scene ; there 's just not enough going on in the interim . it seems like shyamalan wanted to get the tense atmosphere going all the way through , rather than try for something else when it was n't being a horror film ( in the way audition is a romantic comedy , say , or cure is a murder mystery ) , and it simply does n't work.worth seeing if you just like watching the princpals act . but if you 're looking to be scared , if you 're looking for tension , or if you 're looking for anything other than boredom , you 're better off hunting down something that can actually pull it off . **
= only sign here is that of a director losing his way .
< signs is not enough to be looking for ...

> very unique story ! ryder & maddie have been best friends for years & we 've read about their kind of relationship a million times - she 's been in love with him for years & is a virgin , he 's secretly in love with her but is a badass with a playboy reputation & does n't want to ruin her . but things change quickly when a terrorist attack on the us takes out all the power & everyone scrambles to survive . it is every man for himself & ryder & maddie try to make it home to their ranch in texas where they 'll be protected from civilization . ryder 's protectiveness takes over & he ca n't let maddie out of his sight . but he also tries to turn her away when his feelings become too strong . i figured the story would wrap up nice & neat & was pleasantly surprised when it did n't . maddie 's friend needs to be saved from a terrorist concentration camp & the world seems to be completely turned upside down , except for the fact that ryder & maddie are determined to have a future & stick together . great book & ca n't wait to read book # 2 !
= ryder & maddie
< very unique story !

> i need to make myself a bumper sticker or a t-shirt so as to announce it to the world : i finished the book thief . finally.five tries . first time , i hated the idea of death as main character . gave the book away . second time , i got irritated with all the sad , miserable people . turned the book back into the library . third time , i tried listening to it on cds . the narrator 's voice was too supercilious for me . fourth time , i again bought a copy . found the choice of books liesel was stealing to be poor choices . gave book away again.every time i gave up , i ran across a rave review of the book . i was determined to read the entire book this time.all the things that bothered me every time the other times i tried the book ... they still bothered me a bit . but the book 's powerful story outweighs its irritations . from this book : death is a sympathetic character . love wins . even people who come across as cruel have a good side . death is the great equalizer . compassion can beat back wickedness . words can save you .
= fifth try at this book
< i

> nicholas sparks - a genre of his own . sweet love stories with an added element of drama . i have laughed and cried in every one of his books . i have been made fun of for reading his books , but i will always be a fan of sparks ' books.a woman who has a rough past has relocated to a small town in nc outside of wilmington to start a new life . she gets a job at a local restaurant and starts renovating a cottage on the beach . after living in this small town for awhile , she falls in love with a man with two kids who lost his wife due to a disease.as my sister was advised , if you get two thirds of the way through this book , you should sit and finish it . the last 70 pages are hard to put down - so make time to finish it one sitting . i am not sure the men would enjoy this one or most of his books , but the ladies will definitely enjoy this tender and dramatic read .
= kritters ramblings
< sweet love story

> this is a ground coffee with dark chocolate blend which has a rich aroma and taste ready for a fine brew . this product is a gourmet coffee , which we made after thanksgiving meal . my family enjoyed this exceptionally satisfying coffee . it had a great flavor , smooth and satisfying , with a full-bodied rich chocolate/coffee taste.dark chocolate also has many health benefits ; there are scientific reports of high blood pressure decreasing ability of dark chocolate . it also has potent antioxidant properties that destroy reactive oxygen free radicals formed in the body . for an ideal cup measure one heaping teaspoon full of coffee per cup of hot water . you could change the quantity depending on the strength of the coffee you desire . the coffee is sold in beautiful package , and it is highly recommended.1.lavazza 3302a inblu preground coffee , 8.8 oz2.chocolate covered coffee beans by caffe ' sant ' eustachio in rome3.red buffalo chocolate raspberry flavored coffee , whole bean , 1 pound4.aloha island kona hawaiian organic coffee , chocolate flavored , 8 oz whole bean
= coffee that hits the spot
< a gourmet coffee

> i always wash items of clothing before wearing . the appearance of this shirt out of the bag was very fine and soft . here is my major problem with this shirt ordered for my husband : you can not wash it with all of your other dark stuff because it must be dried on very low heat , not normal heat . while the color and styling are very appealing and of course bamboo is the `` in '' natural material , it is essentially a plant fiber akin the rayon which always was a difficult fabric to manage . the hang tag advises that the shirt was designed in new orleans , is comfortable , moisture wicking , breathable , anti-odor , upf 50+ , 4-way stretch and light weight . it is all of the above i 'm sure , but presents a general laundry problem unless you are ok with washing the shirt separately and drying it on very low heat as instructed .
= bamboo is the new rayon
< great for low heat

> i have short short `` stands-straight-up '' baby-fine hair , so i only use this to condition my hair before i wash it . clear deep nourishing treatment mask , ultra shea conditions my scalp and makes my hair downy soft but somehow thicker , which in turn allows me to use my styling gel ( after shampooing the conditioner out of my hair ) to its best advantage.it smells great and although it has an ingredient list that sounds like a chemistry class inventory , it also contains natural ingredients such as hydrolyzed wheat protein , sweet almond oil , hydrogenated coconut oil , argania spinosa kernel oil ( argan oil ) , soybean oil , shea butter , tocopheryl acetate , wheat germ oil , palm oil , sunflower seed oil , and aloe barbadensis leaf juice . wow.the price is more than reasonable .
= smells great -- a little goes a long way for me
< great for stands-straight-up hair

> i received one bottle of this swill and am thankful that i did not receive the 4 bottles that are advertized . i squeezed up a glass of this horrible product per the instructions . i took the glass into the living room where my wife was working a crossword puzzle . she watched me with amusement because she said after each sip i would make a face that looked like quasimoto was in the house . i continued to sip despite the horrible sweetness in a effort to obtain the alleged energy . never happened . the only thing i obtained was a major revulsion and a puzzlement as to why anyone would purchase this terrible and useless drink . i can not remember ever before drinking anything with such a repulsive sweetness.bad , bad . really bad . indescribably bad .
= cloying sweetness
< bad .

> got ta say , having an instant energy boost i can just squeeze into a glass of water or my water bottle for a day at the office is really quite handy . i feel about as energized as a glass of juice or a milder energy drink would leave me -- so do n't really expect this to fulfill high energy expectations . this fills the niche of a nice , nutritious water enhancer with a bit of a pick-me-up . no jitters here . i like the flavor , though the recommended squeeze-to-water ratio leaves the taste a bit on the light side . which also begs the questions , just how much is a squeeze ? in many ways this is rather gimmicky , but if it 's your thing , it certainly does all that it announces .
= like the pick-me-up
< nice flavor , but not a good taste

> maybe it 's all the marketing that goes into men 's razors , maybe it 's an actual difference , but , although i 'm a woman , i usually use a men 's razor when shaving my armpits . i use a dedicated razor ( i.e . one that wo n't see any other use except maybe three or four times in the shower ) so that i do n't have to worry about nicks and scrapes.i really like this razor . i got a good close shave even in the grooves of my armpit , and there were only a couple of times where i had to go over the same area more than once . i like the moisturizing stuff on the razor . it leaves a smooth finish that does n't feel irritated when i apply deodorant .
= works well on hard to reach places
< i like this razor

> the doggies ( nena , samantha and spike ) love this dog food - and that 's saying something . chef michael 's come up with a great product here . the only problem : the bag is too small ( but , perhaps that 's the point ? ) . purchase a bag in your local grocery and try it out . i think you 'll be pleased.at my local ralph 's grocery , the bag retails for $ 11.99 ( relatively expensive , but it is a great dog food - the dogs actually eat their bowls clean ! ) i rate `` chef michael 's grilled sirloin dry dog food ( 4.5 pound bag ) '' ... five stars ! recommended !
= chef michael 's grilled sirloin dry dog food 4.5 pound bag ...
< the doggies love this dog food !

> it 's a bit odd to `` review '' a product where personal taste is really the only criterion . for me , i like strongish coffee but without a bite . i 'm not a starbuck 's lover . so now you can put my comments in context . i liked this coffee a lot ! it 's quite mild without being weak tasting , and it 's definitely a cut above standard canned brands . if you ca n't find your favorite beans , you like a mild blend , and you ca n't grind your own , i 'd say give it a try !
= a good supermarket blend
< a bit odd , but mild

> the story is stated in other reviews . i am now re-reading this simply to discover the truly wonderful way this book is composed , structured , and written . a book of outstanding character studies , beautifully done nature and survival descriptions , and a real flow , almost like riding the crest of a literary wave thruout ! though very , very creepy , it will offend no one , and may even be a somewhat oblique statement about man 's relationship to nature , though probably the author would wince at this comment ! way above the average in the `` horror '' genre !
= beautifully written..potential all timeclassic here !
< a wonderful story , but ...

> i wanted to like this..maybe its because i can drink regular coffeewithout the nasty side effects of acid problems , that this did nottaste so good to me . i love dark roast coffees but this one reallywas not what i had hoped for . it was odd tasting to me , more bitterthan other dark french roasts are . i usually drink my coffee black , but even the addition of 1/2-n-1/2 did n't help save the rest of thepot from being poured down the sink . i gave it two stars as i alsoknow that taste is like art ... subjective .
= puroast low acid coffee low acid coffee french roast
< not what i had hoped for

> for most times of the year , a roll of tape , in a dispenser from which one can pull the ideal length , is ideal . however , during gift-giving season the arrangement of short pieces of cut tape on a table edge or other surface , to allow for efficient gift wrapping , can be a chore . so , for the holiday season , i would recommend the purchase of a pop-up giftwrap dispenser ( along with the scotch paper cutter ) to allow for quick , surreptitious gift wrapping during the moments when the intended recipients are elsewhere .
= a once-a-year purchase
< good for gift wrapping

> drunken , war-weary cruise accepts a mission to train japanese soldiers but finds the old way more suited to his personal sense of honor . filled with thrilling battle scenes , fabulous cinematography , and the rich culture of ancient japan , `` last samurai '' delivers on every level . cruise 's background and personal torment are glossed over a bit - this could have been explored more , and his romance with the widow of the warrior he defeats in battle is left unresolved , but this is a great adventure story . highly recommend !
= tom the swashbuckler !
< `` last samurai ''

> these snacks are perfect for a quick pick me up ... ..they are tasty without being too sweet and supply 6 grams of plant-based protein . the flavors of vanilla , pomegranate and salt mesh well together and satisfy the old taste buds . they are reasonably priced at just a little over a dollar a pack and arrive safely in a box within a box . i like to put a pack of these cashews on my morning oatmeal for a snazzy breakfast ... .tastes great !
= use it as a topper ... ..
< tasty , quick , tasty , great for a quick pick me up !

> this book was very emotional . at times i felt like i had whiplash . the plot is three friends go to college one is madly in love with the other . however she finds love with someone else . now i would think each character are selfish in their own ways but this book spells it out.i felt a little disconnected from the characters because of the negative emotions that were portrayed in the story . but it turned out to be the best in the end
= emotional whiplash
< emotional

> although i have seen all the nicholas sparks movies , i had n't yet read any of his books . i was drawn to this one and am so very glad i read it . it was a beautiful story of love , loss and pain for alex , his kids and katie . it grabbed me immediately and the story was engaging , literally , till the very last page . romantic and heartfelt and rewarding ending ... ..
= beautiful story..
< beautiful story ... .

> we needed one , and so i was lucky to snag one of these on the vine . this is good quality and works perfectly , i 've ordered a different patch cable on here and the outside started to fall apart exposing all the wires ! spend the extra dollar to get a good quality instead of having to replace over and over . this is worth the 8.00 !
= well made
< works perfectly

> this book delivers on getting you engrossed in the story of blue . her life story was difficult and she had to make choices at an early age , but she finds herself through the struggle and amazingly she gets her happy ever after . she deserved it . loved me mr. wilson , blue ' happy ending .
= an extraordinary blue !
< blue ' happy ending

> tom cruise , jamie foxx and jada pinkett smith star in michaelmann 's 2004 crime thriller . a cabbie becomes part of a hitman'splan of assassinating people . tom and jamie are good togetherand tom is a great bad guy . this dvd set has nice picture andsound plus neat extras . i recommend this good flick .
= `` good crime thriller ! ''
< `` good flick ! ''

> i love this series , and the crazy story of anne and malcolm is no different . what happens when the manic drummer of a famous rock band crosses paths with a book store clerk who is always trying to fix everyone ? the most amazing love and chemistry you can witness .
= loving this series ! !
< love this series

> love this movie and it looks wonderful on the psp screen . it can be a tad difficult to hear it even with ear buds but after so many viewings , i could quote it while watching . seriously , the picture is so sharp .
= wonderful on a small screen
< great movie

> i loved this book ! ! ! so funny ! ! excellent story . definitely on my top 10 list ! ! ! ! would love a follow-up book to continue their story ! !
= do n't let the title scare u away ! ! !
< loved it ! ! !

> these are adequate but i truly expected better . average absorbency . the product is actually smaller than comparable products or even other gentle glide items . i prefer tampax .
= adequate , nothing special
< adequate

> this film has everything , great horror icons , great effects , loads of action and the fighting scenes are amazing , a top notch movie , a great horror/adventure
= great film
< great horror movie

> there is no reason to pay a premium price for a high speed hdmi cable when you can purchase this quality for the amazon price .
= less costly than others and works perfectly
< high speed hdmi cable

> this is the first book i have read for a while that i read within days . i loved the end and how it flowed .
= nice read
< great book

> first good space invaders movie in years . its about timesaw it and like it , although admittedly the first half was the best part . basic divorced guy at odds with his kids wants to spend a quite weekend getting to know them again ... .sort of . little does he know that aliens are invading.the thing i liked about the movie is that it is a rout from the very first instance the aliens arrive . it follows very close to the book in that respect there is none of this lets upload a virus into the alien mother ship foolishness . although to be far independence day was a good movie as well . i also liked that the movie relies strongly on the emotions of actors instead of just all the wiz bang special effects which are also there in plenty . some of the parts had me cringing and jumping out of my seat and i like to think of myself as a guy not easily scared especially when i already know what i am getting into ( an alien invasion movie where lots of people die ) . on that note it might be a good idea to leave young children at home.there are negative sides to the movie but overall the positive aspects wash these out . two main problems1 . the ending was total cornball remember `` day after tomorrow ? '' that 's the first thing that will pop into your mind when you see this in theater.2 . i 'm going to see this again because it was good . under normal circumstances this would not be a bad thing . however in this case it means indirectly supporting the church of scientology a movement i hate with every fiber of my being.overall-good movie go see it
= the best fun i ever had ... .watching people get vaporized
< good space movie

> i upgraded to the 1tb , usb 3.0 , on february 21st 2013 and am super happy with performance and storage at this point . the 500gb is still working but i now keep it offsite in a storage box for disaster recovery.we downloaded & installed the hfs+ driver for pc so we can use the hard drive for pc and laptops in addition to our mac , without reformatting . most excellent ! slim design ( `` thin as a pencil '' ) , amazingly lightweight , but sturdythe drive is formatted for mac out of the box ( compatible with time machine software ) the `` seagate dashboard '' software ( installed ) backs up content posted to any social media sites i indicate ( facebook , flickr , goodreads , picassa etc ) , plus my camera , plus my phone.2-year limited warranty works for me.the share feature allows multiple files to be uploaded to social networks at the same time from the computer ( select files to upload , choose where to post them & even add comments ) .using the usb 2.0 , it took about 15 min to transfer 60gb of data.usigning the 3.0 usb cable the transfers were about 100gb in 10 minutes.seagate offers , for a price , to upgrade from the included usb 2.0 plug-and-play interface ( only quibble- the cord is only 18 inches long ) to thunderbolt ( tm ) technology or usb 3.0 with additional adapters for faster transfer ( savvy marketing ) .system requirements : mac os x 10.6 or higherwindows 7 , windows vista , windows xp sp3 ( 32-bit and 64-bit ) operating system1,2firewire 800 or usb 2.0 port2
= works with pc and laptops also
< excellent product

> just a few thoughts ... what else can be said about titanic ( 1997 ) ? after nearly 2,200 amazon reviews , here 's one more . i give this movie a 5-star rating . it won 11 academy awards . it 's sad , interesting , entertaining , suspenseful , scary , and romantic all rolled into one . the acting is great . kate winslet plays the role of rose very well , but i think the best actor in the whole movie was leonardo dicaprio as jack dawson . billy zane , who played cal , also did a great job . he 's my favorite character in the whole movie . really , every actor did a great job - frances fisher , kathy bates , victor garber , bernard hill , everybody . the script is great , the special effects are great , the story is great.for many years after this movie came out , i 've been hearing celine dion 's song playing everywhere . i must say it drives me nuts . some songs just get on my nerves . that 's one of them . an overdone song that 's played way too much over the airwaves . you ca n't go anywhere without hearing it . and you know what ? it does n't fit in with the movie too well , in my opinion . too commercial , too much of a sellout . now , the musical score by james horner was good and fits the movie well.overall , this is a great epic movie that i highly recommend .
= fascinating and interesting
< great epic

> i no longer have a baby , but i do have a preschooler who avoids eating fruits and veggies . therefore , i look for ways to `` hide '' them in other foods . that 's where purees come in very handy . it 's hard for me to find a variety of organic produce locally , so i was glad to see this baby gourmet online.here 's what i made this morning ( good for the whole family ! ) : pear and garden greens protein pancakes1 1/2 cups of aunt jemima whole wheat pancake mix1 1/2 cups milk1 baby gourmet pouch1 scoop vanilla protein powder1 tbsp vegetable oil1 eggmix 'em up , and make your pancakes ( or waffles ) . i made the same recipe with canned pumpkin the other day and it came out great.the puree makes the pancakes thicker ( which is why i added a little extra milk , too ) , and in this case , offers just a very light , nice pear flavor . next time , i think i 'll try adding two pouches -- i think it could take it.i think it 's very handy to have small portions of purees around for just this purpose -- you can sneak them into lots of meals so your kids do n't even realize they 've just eaten fruits and veggies .
= here 's another use for baby gourmet ...
< a very light , light , light , light , and light

> when i read this book i was not sure what i would think of this book . what i got was an amazing story about friendship , love , and a couple that are meant to be together no matter what life throws at them . however be aware this book does end on a cliffhanger . sara is a girl who has been told all of her life that she is not wanted and is not loved at school she is bullied and at home she is either bullied or ignored . this all changes one day when jaxon comes to town and saves her from the school bully . at that point sara is jaxon 's shadow wanting to be near the one person that might help her in her lonely and miserable existence . jaxon also gives sara another gift a mother who will love her and wants her around . as time goes on this friendship between jaxon and sara turns into something more . she still has her ups and downs emotionally but that is to be expected with her younger childhood . over all this is a really good book that shows us how sometimes in the worst of experiences there can be that light from one person that can make us strong again . i would recommend this book to anyone .
= good
< amazing story

> i 've tried this coconut oil as a hand cream , hair conditioner , and a moisturizer . i 've fried eggs in it and used it in homemade soap . there are clearly more possible uses , and i look forward to continuing to discover them.the product smells wonderful , stays solid at room temperature , lasts for over a year without any special storage , and goes a long way . these characteristics , along with its versatility , make it ideal for camping or travel.can it replace every product in your cabinets ? probably not . a lot of research and chemistry go into making products behave in ways that they wo n't accomplish naturally . so this coconut oil wo n't sink into your skin instantly like a high-end moisturizer or whip smoothly into cake icing like crisco . as a natural product , it obviously has advantages over those laboratory products , so it 's a fair trade-off.this coconut oil is non gmo project verified , certified organic , and packed in a bpa-free jar . a tiny amount will keep your hands silky or sautee your veggies , so the price is very economical . definitely something every household should keep on hand .
= impressively versatile
< great for a hand cream

> i have just finished this incredible story and my heart and head are so full , i really do n't know where to begin . first , this is a story that makes you think and feel , and yes `` live '' . it needs to be read without knowing too much about the subject matter , so that you can really feel the story and that is what i did . i loved every aspect of the characters ; along with the wit and maturity that was shown throughout this journey by each one of them . i have read both slammed and point of retreat and loved them both . this story has the same intensity of love in the story of sky and holder , and draws you in so that you are truly vested in their future . once you read this book , you will know that there is absolutely nothing `` hopeless '' about this couple . i do n't know if colleen is planning on any additional installments in this tell , but i have high hopes for this couple and the future that they have together . i would love to know more . wow , just wow !
= wow , i have run the gamut of emotions with this read !
< wow , just wow !

> banana boat sport cool zone sunscreen continuous spray spf 30 , 6 fluid ouncei 'm fond of the spray sunscreen for the little folk , not leprechauns , grand-kids . it is often easier to spray than hold them still long enough to effectively cover them with lotion.this can claims a cooling feeling . frankly i did n't notice that it cooled anymore than any other spray sunscreen i have used . it sprayed nicely with a fine mist . it did seem non-greasy ; which is a very positive thing often claimed by others and seldom true . it did dry very quickly . i spent 2 hours out at prime burn time , 1:00 -- 3:00 and did not notice any sun impact.i was doing gardening and sweated profusely . the spray seemed very resistant to sweat as i took a dark cloth and vigorously rubbed my forearm and got a white film on the cloth which i am assuming was the spray as i do n't normally produce a white film.overall , with the exception that i did not notice an appreciable difference in cooling , this spray met or exceeded all of their claims .
= works as advertised
< works well , but not a good price

> this is one of the seminal books in american literature , it captures the spirit of an age yet is timeless . i have read this book several times and love it more each time . holden caulfield is one of the great characters in modern literature , he is so easy to relate to , yet complex , he tells you his story from his point of view so you always know that this is his concept of events through the prism of his memory . i have known people who just have not gotten this book at all and some like me who it has effected for a lifetime , but even the people who did n't get it did n't feel like reading it was a waste of their time . i urge everyone to read it from start to finish and develop their own opinion , i assure you , you will get something out of it , at the very least you will be about to say , yes i read the catch in the rye and i thought ... ...
= seminal book
< a timeless read

> we all know you should never pull a cable by the wire , or hand a piece of equipment from the cable , but things happen - stuff gets tangled , knocked off a desk or shelf , etc . that 's where my one complaint comes in - the crimp holding the wire to the connector is more of a `` hint of a crimp '' - the wires are not held at all - just the outer sleeve is held , and it 's loose . so if you do happen to pull the cable or put weight on it , the weight is on the wire ends where they touch the connectors , not the crimp.the outer covering is soft , almost rubber-like , so will take corners and bends well without crimping or cracking.the snagless connectors will slide back easily when you need to access the clip - some snagless coverings do n't move - this is a really handy feature . quality is what you 'd expect from more expensive cables , so that 's a deal .
= well made - crimp could be better
< great quality , great value

> ... anyway now ... i 'll start telling why this movie rules ! set in the chillingly possible future of 2054 , steven spielberg 's minority report is arguably the most intelligently provocative sci-fi thriller since blade runner . spielberg 's gritty vision was freely adapted from a story by philip k. dick , with its central premise of `` precrime '' law enforcement , totally reliant on three isolated human `` precogs '' capable of envisioning murders before they 're committed . as precrime 's confident captain , tom cruise preempts these killings like a true action hero , only to run for his life when he is himself implicated in one of the precogs ' visions . inspired by the brainstorming of expert futurists , spielberg packs this paranoid chase with potential conspirators domestic tragedy , and a heartbreaking precog pawn , while cruise 's performance gains depth and substance with each passing scene . this is a movie not to pass up . see it today . thumbs way up ! ! !
= the cranky reviewer is tasteless
< cruise , the power of the world ...

> i added this to my barbecue sauce when i made chicken drumettes recently and wow ! it really perked them up.i am not one who loves hot food and rarely use hot sauce unless a recipe calls for it . but my chicken drumettes needed some extra oomph over the regular barbecue sauce i usually put on them . i added a bit of this to the mix , and was very pleasantly rewarded with some of the absolute best chicken i 've ever eaten.in addition to the extra heat , there was a delicious smokey quality as if they had been cooked on a smokey outdoor grill . this adds a lot of flavor to meats . i ca n't wait to try this on ribs next . that sweet smokey flavor , and the heat , which is n't the same hotness as most hot sauces , is perfect . and i love the name of this too . i recommend you try this for some great flavorful hot sauce .
= i was n't a fan of hot sauce 'til i tried this
< delicious !

> while i have enjoyed larson 's other books this one was a miss for me . the concept , an american 's view of pre-pearl harbor germany , was intriguing and when dealing with politics the book was everything i expected . when it moves into the social realm it struggles with unlikeable historical figures ( american and german ) operating without any greater stake than the next party . martha is a young ( so young ) woman without much apparent depth . spending time with her was n't captivating and felt like it detracted from the larger story of dc conflict over the rising german government . i might try it again in the future , but reading it felt more like an obligation than a pleasure . it was n't enough of a clunker to put me off larson - i will be back for his next book .
= never came alive
< a miss for me

> i love honey maid graham crackers but find invariably we open a pack and do n't finish it and the rest go stale pretty quickly . this box contains packs where each original cracker is half size ( think s'more size without having to break them ) . we typically would open and eat what was in the pack . the weight on this box is less than the weight on the long cracker box but there is less waste because they are in a more convenient size and you are n't opening way more than can be eaten , so they are n't going stale . if you have a smaller sized household or just can never seem to break your crackers in half perfectly for s'mores then these are great .
= perfect size packs
< great for a honey maid

> saving private ryan is an intense , gritty and violent film about war . this is a 2-disc release of the film . the second disc contains all the supplements . the picture and audio quality are both excellent . there is over 3 hours of total bonus content . my only complaint is that an audio commentary from spielberg is n't provided ( he does n't do them ) .special features : an introduction , looking into the past , miller and his platoon , boot camp , making 'saving private ryan ' , re-creating omaha beach , music and sound , parting thoughts , into the breach : 'saving private ryan ' , theatrical trailer , re-release trailer , 'shooting war'buy this blu-ray .
= saving private ryan gets great 2-disc release
< saving private ryan

> i 'm not a hype reader , so i did n't pick up this book until may of 2008 , long after it had been hyped and written about all over the web . however i was drawn in by the subject matter ( a booklover and writer who is asked to write the biography of a very well known and successful , yet mysteriously private , author ) .the style is gothic -- similar to a bronte novel , and so it reads as old-fashioned . there is something of a ghost story , and there is a definitely a suspenseful unraveling of the facts.i highly recommend it . it lives up to the hype .
= lives up to the hype
< a great gothic thriller

> this flim was well thought out but poorly executed . if i had to think up you word to describe it i would say `` oatmeal '' . the begining reminds me too much of dawdson 's creek and peter 's aunt and uncle while very well acted were just too ma and pa kettel-ish good feely all american ( not that this is a bad thing . also parents please before you take your 6 and 5 year old kids please remember that this is a pg-13 it does get violent towards the end . great action sceans and there is lots of promise for a sequal .
= great-a few points though
< not bad , but not great

> this book was absolutely incredible . i finished it in one day , since once i started it i couldn & # 8217 ; t put it down . i loved everything about this book and the characters . evelyn and david will capture your hearts . mal kept things interesting ; he & # 8217 ; s a very lovable character and will make you laugh . & # 8220 ; child- bride & # 8221 ; has never been a funny term until i read it in this book . i look forward to reading more about evelyn , david and of course mal .
= lick : stage dive 1
< incredible

> switch is 100 % fruit juice , which is a great thing.but , it 's too lightly carbonated . needs more bubbles ! it 's really sweet and syrupy tasting , and i like sweet . this was just too concentrated tasting.they should focus on one flavor , ( at least for the watermelon strawberry ) , since the two did n't mesh well together.i gave it three stars because it 's a better alternative than traditional soda pop for my kids.but , i would n't actively seek it out to purchase it .
= focus on one flavor !
< too concentrated , too concentrated

> i 've used mio products before . i was so excited to see a sweet tea option but i can not get the correct amount squeezed in to make my water taste anything but nasty.i 've tried the suggested serving amount and i 've used trial and error . i 'm more apt to drink the more watered down experiments as there is a horrible after taste when using too much of the sweet tea.i would purchase this if i could actually get the correct mixture to taste anywhere near sweet tea .
= i have a hard time getting the right flavor for this .
< not bad

> it pays to read the label . i take several supplements - so many that i stagger them . i was swallowing this like any another supplement until i discovered it was supposed to be stuck under my tongue . to be honest , i often wind up chewing the thing because it takes a while to dissolve . as for the positive effects , i do feel `` more awake '' - not with energy , but alertness .
= candy-like taste , easy to take
< i do n't like it

> i use up a lot of memory on my computer , so this seagate backup plus with a full 500 gb of external hard drive memory is just the ticket i need to prevent slow downs and crashes on my imac . with thousands of hours of video and audio as well as pictures galore , i could n't think of a better way to free up the space i needed to keep my computer running optimally .
= need a little backup space on your hard drive ? no problem !
< easy to use , easy to use

> in terms of the chocolate spectrum , i usually fall between dark milk and dark chocolate . this bar was good , but fell a bit too far on the dark side for me . it has a very rich dark chocolate flavor . it 's good , but was a bit much for my taste buds . it 's probably best eaten in smaller doses .
= rich
< good , but not great

> the shining starring jack nicholson and shelley duvall is a solid horror film from start to finish . stanley kubrick directed this film and the movie is based on stephen king 's novel of the same name . parts of this film who definitely freak you out , i highly recommend purchashing this '80s classic , enjoy !
= redrum .
< `` i love this movie ''

> i loved this book ! but wtf is with that ending ? ! ? great story and hot hot hot characters . really different story line . pick this up ! ! ! if you like steamy romance it 's all in here ! ! ! i ca n't wait to read more from this author ! !
= wtf
< loved it ! ! !

> my husband and i love coffee - basic coffee , speciality coffee , flavored coffee you name it we love coffee . we made a pot sunday morning and both thought it was very mild and cheap tasting . maybe the different styles would be better - not a hit in our house .
= i got this for free - was n't a hit ...
< not a hit

> i liked this story and the characters . this book was not only interesting but had excitement as well . i loved the sex scenes too , it had your imagination going wild . i enjoyed this and ca n't wait to see what the other books have in store .
= good story
< good story

> it 's just a must read . you wo n't be sorry . it draws you in and makes you want more . the characters and the story line it 's so enthralling . the ending is unexpected to say the least !
= i ca n't even put into words ... .
< a must read

> it was a fun book to read but there was n't any central conflict . i felt like it was just a tag along to the first book . some of the story wrapped up too nicely for my liking .
= huge letdown from the first book
< fun read

> i really loved this book . a story of undying love ! ! well worth your time reading it and a definitely a 5 star book ! ! also loved the characters jake and trudy ! !
= awesome
< loved it ! !

> i ca n't believe he could get drunk knowing what would happen that he would sleep with someone else . she so easily forgave him . seemed like she had no back bone at all .
= ok
< i love it

> i enjoyed this book . not too sappy , a quick read . great to see the sensitive bad boy that breaks stereo types .
= enjoyed it
< good book

> sherlock holmes has always conjured up basil rathborne or some other bbc production type image but this movie blows it away . guy ritchie 's version kicks butt and robert downey , jr. has made sherlock holmes his own original character . the acting , storyline and imagery contained in this movie are beautiful to watch . mind you , after two hours of viewing it made me wonder how long this movie was going to be but it never dragged.the bad guy is caught within minutes of opening credits . it was to be the last job of holmes & watson before watson settled down to a cozy married life . of course things do not go as planned and the duo has to step in to stop the forces of evil . the plot is suitably sinister with a mysterious group ( free masons anyone ? ) that becomes corrupted by a power hungry decendant who dabbles with the dark side . does this sounds too formula ? fear not , because ritchie stirs things up with his love of action and off-beat humor . there 's the usual fighting scenes ( the boxing match ) , the behemoth thug and lots of humor all mixed together ( having holmes try out various concoctions on the dog ) . the love interest was thankfully light and the movie zipped by in beautifully hued images . the cinematography is amazing.everything about this movie was amazing and i highly recommend it . some fans of the old school sherlock holmes might not appreciate this updated version . i would also recommend turning on the subtitles to fully enjoy the dialogue .
= a brilliant version of sherlock holmes
< sherlock holmes

> there has been so much hype surrounding this movie and i really expected it to be better than it was . the premise of `` mr. & mrs. smith '' is pretty interesting : brad pitt and angelina jolie play john and jane smith , a couple that has been married for five ( or six ) years and finds themselves stuck in a bit of a rut . john and jane are both assassins , but neither of them are aware of their spouse 's real profession . the truth comes out in a big way when their careers suddenly cross paths and their respective agencies order them to take each other out . half of the movie revolves around the couple shooting at each other , but then they 're both ultimately turned on by all the violence , which rekindles the passion in their marriage . then their respective agencies decide that both assassins pose a conflict of interest because they 're married , and the second half of the movie revolves around the smiths working together to stay alive.i was pretty disappointed with this movie . it has a lot of potential because the premise is so interesting , and also because pitt and jolie have an undeniable onscreen chemistry . however , the script sucks ! all these characters do is run around and shoot at people . some people might enjoy that kind of thing , but i think the dialogue could have been much better and the relationship between john and jane could have been scrutinized in much more detail .
= not good
< a bit of potential

> sharp objects is the story of camille , a recovering cutter and the lowest journalist on the totem pole of her paper in chicago . she is sent back to her hometown of wind gap , mo , to report on the murders of two young girls . while there she stays with her mother , adora , a very creepy woman who likes to be the center of attention and who loathes camille . but she treats her other daughter , thirteen year old amma , like she 's a toddler . dressing her up in little girl dresses and ribbons and the like . amma lets her , but outside of the house she 's a wild child ; drinking , drugs , bullying.camille does n't get a lot of cooperation from the locals or the police department . but she carries on , determined to get a story and prove herself . and while she 's trying to solve the case she 's also dealing with old wounds with her mother and trying not to go back to that dark place where she liked to cut words on her skin.very early on i was pretty confident in who the killer is but there 's a twist at the last moment . it was a good ending to a disturbing book . i 'm glad i read flynn 's last two books before this one as it was n't my favorite and her writing has improved . but it was an intriguing story and a great mystery .
= creepy story and characters
< sharp objects

> notorius may be well his most artistic work but psycho still remains the dark atmosphere that envolves the norman bates environment . his hobby refelects the state of his soul , dead as frozen as the animals of his collection & lt ; the motel is awful and mysterious as his mind and his house.just remember there are twelve rooms available , but twelve is just the members of a jury.and i think this is an underground clue given by the master hichcock.in the first take the camera flies and sets us in a hotel window with leigh , she commits adultery , and we are witness : then she steals the money and we are witeness again , so in the second part of the picture we just only establish bates as the evil murder but we forget the opening sequence . in this sense i 've always thought norman acts as the judge sent by the fate.the rest belongs to the legend . norman bates is an isolated guy and even more , a troubled man . the insights in the plot had a brittish ancestor : peeping tom , but hitchcock never forgot the huge influence of the german expressionism and gives us unforgettable sequences . the handle camera , the support in music given by bernard hermann , made of this picture a landmark so hard to reach that still remains as a lone winner in the throne of the supreme jewels suspense american movies in any age.perkins in his best achievement.an eternal cult movie .
= the masterpiece of the suspense 's master
< the best of the supreme movie

> i have found very few books that i want to give a five star review to they seem to be missing that last little thing for them to give them that 5th star . also very few books have emotionally drawn me in to a story so strongly i have a hard time reading a book due to the emotional response . making faces is definitely one of those book . in this book we meet three characters that the book is centered around ambrose ( the all around golden kid ) fern ( the geek with a golden heart ) and bailey ( the boy born with a condition but a hear of gold ) . each of these characters are important to the story and each of these characters at some point if not through most of the story must go through their own challenges to find the person that they will be in the end . this story will touch your heart and if you have ever lost a person there are parts of this story that just make you feel like someone gets it . i would recommend this book to anyone and every . you will laugh in parts , cry in others , and fall in love by the end . this is one of those books that is just a good book for anyone .
= wow
< a great read for anyone and every book

> i think that `` walk the line '' is less a biopic about johnny cash than it is a love story , and the most touching and believable one i 've seen since `` brokeback mountain '' . joaquin phoenix , whose deep , sad eyes have added emotional depth even to comedies like `` parenthood '' and `` to die for '' , plays johnny cash as a passionate , intuitive artist , a hopeless romantic and a wounded , sometimes self-destructive soul . to his first wife , he 's an irresponsible dreamer who 's off chasing rainbows leaving her stuck with the everyday responsibilities of raising their children . so it 's no wonder he finds himself smitten by june carter , who radiates down-to-earth charm and maternal kindness . now that i 've finally seen this film , i can totally understand why reese witherspoon won the academy award for her performance . she plays june carter as a complicated woman ; sweet and tough , humble and charismatic , passionate and moral . after seeing `` brokeback mountain '' i asked myself why it was that the most believable love stories are always the sad ones . `` walk the line '' offers a convincing love story with a happy ending . who knew such a thing was possible ?
= love story
< walk the line

> although i was sucked in by the sheer , merry lunacy of this world , its characters and their wardrobe , there 's really no excusing some of the faultlines that run through the heart of this confused little horror saga . it suffers from a severe case of subplot-itis , and tries in vain to cram four chapters ' worth of back story into nearly every face . even the less interesting minor players are obsessively over-inspected , which leads the more important characters to pull constant disappearing acts . pseudo-protagonist belle heathcote is the most glaring example , vanishing without explanation for a full forty minutes during the second act , and then materializing right in the middle of a cramped romance . johnny depp 's barnabus is the one constant , happily sailing far over the top in yet another colorful , inexplicably successful leading turn . i caught myself laughing at the punchlines more often than i 'd expected , but dark shadows often tests the boundaries of good taste , and in one case ( an out-of-left-field comic love scene ) ventures too close to the uncomfortably absurd . kooky and silly , it 's unforgivably ( and thoroughly ) lacking in the kind of panache tim burton was always known for .
= despite a recklessly overstuffed plot , burton 's latest is a thin , watery affair
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i have been using magmind for a few weeks now and i really like the product . in short , it is a 3 capsule per day magnesium supplement that is delivered in the form of magtein . i chose to try the supplement for the potential positive effects on cognition , memory and sleep . honestly , this last week i have been getting the best sleep i 've had in a long while - even with wearing a cpap mask ( which drives me crazy sometimes ) . i also aced a panel job interview last friday and , during the interview , i felt calmer than i imagined i would . i got the job offer less than 24 hours after the interview and i attribute that to being so focused and in the moment.as with all supplements , drawing direct correlations between the supplement and some perceived benefit is difficult . in addition , i started taking sam-e ( again ) at the same time i started taking magmind . but , because i have experienced such wonderful benefits , i will continue taking both .
= i really like this supplement
< magmind is a 3 capsule per day

> wow where to begin . it 's been a long time since i book made me feel so many different emotions . i do n't know what it is about the last book of series but they always end up upsetting me for different reasons . why the authors feel it has to be a huge roller coster ride is beyond me . but that was how this book was . i laughed , i cried , i felt sick and just whipped out at the end . i could n't put the book down i just could n't leave my characters hanging with things so unresolved . this book really shocked me with the amount of gore , violence , horror and death . it definatly surpased the other books . i do n't know how they can call books like this young adult . i am having trouble with all that i read , i just want to sit down and cry , not for the characters but people who have actually had to live threw war and then face a lifetime of the memories .
= mockingjay
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> considering buying the new dove men+care line for your boyfriend or husband ? ( or maybe you are a man considering these products for yourself ? ) here are some quick pros and cons to help you in your decision : pros : -very little goes a long way . ( it will emerge from the container as a gel and instantly begin to foam-up . ) -luxurious.-protects skin ... helps razor glide more cleanly.-mild , masculine fragrance.-non-irritating.con : as mentioned by another reviewer , the grated area from which the gel is produced becomes full of the gel . now , when one sets the canister down on one 's sink , that gel continues to expand and becomes messy . i rinsed the bottle , but then water was trapped in the nozzle area ... so then i left it capless to dry-out overnight . too bad . ( it 's pretty annoying to those who are fairly fastidious . ) if the potential messiness does not bother you , this is a nice product at a good price .
= excellent product , maybe a little messy ...
< good product , but not a good price

> i picked this up for my husband as part of the vine program , and he 's worn it twice now . the bamboo fabric is incredibly soft and cozy-feeling , and yet it 's also extremely effective at wicking away sweat . my husband is a heavy sweater , but he 's been wearing this for his p90x3 workouts , and it stays pretty dry.i 've also washed it twice ( on regular cycle ) and have tossed it in the dryer , and it has n't shrunk at all.the only caution i have is that this seems to run a bit small . my husband is pretty much a large in workout shirts by champion , under armour , and adidas , and yet the xl in this fit him more like a large . if you 're unsure , i 'd suggest ordering a size up.overall , though , this is a great workout t-shirt , and i may buy a few more for him when he needs more new t 's .
= wonderfully soft and also effective at wicking away sweat
< great workout t-shirt

> this is an autobiographical narrative of jeannette walls childhood as her parents took the family from town to town , barely squeaking by . the parents start out as eccentrics and devolve into mental illness , caring more for their own interests than those of their children . it is truly remarkable that 3 of the 4 managed to survive and succeed through their own willpower , intelligence and sheer guts . while some of the tale seems unbelievable , most of it seems sadly true and the author does a good job of presenting how things seemed to her as a child . she paints a portrait of extreme poverty punctuated initially by happy moments , which become more rare as her father drinks more and her mother becomes more wrapped up in her art . the horror of poverty and the potential of sexual abuse are deftly managed . it is both a sad and uplifting tale and while not the genre i normally read , it was a gripping story .
= rising above the glass castle into reality
< a sad and uplifting tale

> i like that this product is vitamin enriched with cs and bs . it does contain caffeine which has it 's plus and cons.what i really like about this is that it does not leave a residue on water bottles or glasses like crystal light or other similar products . the down side is that this product recommends refrigerating after opening . - while understandable this is a major drawback in that i can not just store it on my desk at work ( where i typically use this type of product ) . i also like that i can adjust the intensity of flavor readily which is messier to do with the little individual powder packets . - i was skeptical about the fruit punch flavor but it is not all that different than other fruit flavored individual packets .
= better than the powdered stuff
< vitamin enriched with cs and bs

> this is a l-o-n-g movie , but it keeps moving through most of it . there is a lot of action that will keep you entertained . most of the acting is pretty good , but some of the dialog is weird and delivered in an unnatural way . it 's violent , bloody , and there is a whole lot of unnecessary cursing . it leads to a surprising ending with loose ends . that is what i did n't like about it . it takes me all this way to leave me with loose ends . that was a disappointment . it 's like it 's your birthday . there is this huge , wonderfully decorated box . the fireworks go off just as you open it , and then there is this itty bitty insignificant thing inside .
= good , but an unsatisfying ending
< a l-o-n-g movie

> the scent is pleasant and light , not overpowering like some other feminine products . while the plastic applicator is easy to use , i know it 's not really an environmentally friendly choice . one complaint : the wrapper is not large enough to make the applicator easy to wrap and dispose of after use . not my first choice in that area . the product is comfortable , and does n't feel noticeable even in the super absorbent size , as some products tend to do . i did notice a slight leakage around the cord area . as other reviewers have mentioned , i would think that a braided cord instead of a single string type would help with this problem . make these two changes , and you 'd have a five star product .
= two areas need improvement
< nice scent , but not large enough

> a first person narrative from the perspective of an autistic savant , this is a fine book . successful on most levels and a satisfying read , it 's well worth reading for anyone who knows autistic kids or parents , and these days that 's a lot of people.i found parts of it quite moving , and parts quite depressing ... but realistic depictions of daily british city life will do that . haddon paints a solid portrait of our unlikely hero and it 's hard not to end up loving the kid a whole bunch.a quick and enjoyable read with layers of emotional depth ; well worth sharing with your adolescent kids . it 's never too early to help them accept all types of people and all levels of intellectual ability .
= interesting idea , well executed ; uplifting for autistic parents and kids
< a fine book for kids

> vaseline cocoa butter lip therapy smells nice , the container is cute but the product is waxy like a cheap lip balm . i think this formulation is better for winter chapped lips when a thicker buffer against the elements is essential . however this product does not make kissable soft lips like plain old vaseline . it feels waxy on my lips and self-conscious to really smooch while it 's on.i would buy this for times i need to heal chapped lips but not for regular everyday use . i am looking forward to trying the vaseline rosy lips that 's a european favorite when available .
= waxy
< cute but not for me

> omg ! this is one of my favorites books ever ! i love me some simon ! ! you will laugh and cry as you get to know caroline and simon as their friendship develops . all of the characters in this book are great - including clive the cat . i 'd actually get a cat if he would be like clive . this is one of those books that you will recommend to your friends and know they will enjoy it . it is well written and just a really fun read , every time you read it .
= absolutely wonderful
< simon is simon ! !

> george lucas is a marketing genius . he build a fanastic climax to a history that is , at his best , a simple one . full of special effects , there are several unforgivable flaws : 1 ) the movie is clearly made for everyone from ages 9 to 80. no deaths , nothing politically & quot ; incorrect & quot ; ; 2 ) jar jar binks is disgusting ; 3 ) the boy who plays young anakin is as bad as actor as he can be . i do n't understand how he was cast .
= marketing genius !
< george lucas is a genius

> this drink could have been great , but it was too much of a mixture of various fruits ( like apple ! ) it basically tastes like bubbly fruit punch , not exactly strawberry watermelon ; although i can taste a slight watermelon flavor . looking at the ingredients list , it should n't surprise ... . it 's a mixture of fruits , strawberry being on the bottom of the list.i do recommend the cherry switch drink , but that 's the only one out of three that i liked .
= not great , almost like a fruit punch !
< not bad , but not great

> this review is for the bosch 20-ca clear advantage beam wiper blade - 20 '' . the blades were easy to install , with clearly written instructions . the quality of the blades is great ; they feel much sturdier than the cheap ones that they were replacing . using them for the first time during a rainy drive , they did what they should , working flawlessly without streaks or excessive noise . overall , i highly recommend purchasing bosch wiper blades over any other brand .
= bosch clear advantage beam wiper blade
< bosch 20-ca clear advantage beam wiper blade

> these 3m whiteboard erasers are perfect for grad school students ! i carry one of these , along with a dry erase marker , in my school bag - anytime i need to do show some calculations , marketing bullets , etc. , i just whip this out and use ! it works very well , and is super-light to carry around - so i do n't worry about the extra weight ... i 'd highly recommend these 3m erasers , for student and office use !
= perfect for grad school students !
< great for school students !

> the story could have been told easily in half the time . it was also pretty predictable . i would say that it starts out at 4 star , dips to a 3 and then ends in a 4 star only because it is a happy ending . way too many sex scenes . i got bored with it . not sure i would take the time for this book .
= okay read
< not what i expected

> i just love love love all of these walker brothers ! ! ! ! ! ! ! this one did not disappoint . ca n't wait for the one about travis coming in fall ! ! ! ! ! great job again nicole , you rock ! ! ! ! read these stories and the club destiny series ! ! ! you will not be disappointed ! ! ! !
= kathy
< love love love

> ray liotta , robert de niro and joe pesci starin martin scorsese 's 1990 crime drama basedon a true story . henry hill reflects becominga gangster and his life in the mob . this isone of the best crime dramas with a greatcast and joe is hilarious . this dvd set hasnice picture and sound plus some neat extras.i recommend this .
= `` one of the best crime dramas ! ''
< `` hilarious and hilarious ! ''

> this time of year is tough on deer so they are a major threat to my expensive plants . they 're even munching on my trees and did their damage.since applying this repellent , they 've not eaten anything . only problem is having to reapply the repellent after it rains .
= the feeding stopped
< works well

> what an incredibly beautiful and heartwarming read . my favorite book so far for 2014. this read was a page turning , addicting masterpiece . i can not recommend it enough . best epilogue ever . well worth the $ 3.99 it is currently listed for on amazon .
= absolute perfection
< beautiful

> that was just plain mean . i had n't even realized i was at the end ... .then it ended.another great installment that leaves you wanting more . sean is a hard one to figure out , but intriguing .
= i feel betrayed and teased..major cliffhanger
< wow

> this dry dog food smells as good as any you might buy your canine . our 20 pound mixed breed likes it as well as anything she has tried . no complaints .
= actually , the dog likes it .
< dry dog food

> irish spring gear smells great , lathers up nicely , and contains tiny nodules to help exfoliate your skin . overall a good product and a good value .
= nice aroma & lather
< good value

> i wanted to try this with my coffee maker , but did n't get a chance . the flavor was a little bitter but mostly nondescript .
= not worth the cost
< did n't get a chance

> this man is quite a tale of a domineering man who is infatuated with his new interior decorator . well worth the read
= oh lord , jesse ward
< a great read

> i 'm giving it 5 stars because it is a small , very easy to swallow pill . still not sure if it is permanently useful for my eyes because i 've only used it a few weeks but have n't noticed eye strain as much as i used to have when i 'm on the computer too long , like 14 hours at a time , so it must be helping with that because i 'm not using any other product that helps that . so i could assume lutein is good and hope that this is working . i 'll keep using it and see if it gets rid of all my eye strain problems . since the vine program is now requiring a review of every product before you can get more and new ones come out every 3rd thursday of the month and the next just a week later , i will not have time to try anything for long before the review has to be written . also will have to write reviews for products as i understand them to work for items that have n't even been delivered before the 4th thursdays of each month comes out and will just have to update them after they come and i can actually have time to try them.update : i 've been using this for sometime now and no more eye strain . feels good to be able to watch tv or be on the computer as much as i want and no eye strain and no ruptured blood vessels . i sleep better too because i do n't have eye burn when i close my eyes to sleep . great stuff ... .
= jarrows formula lutein
< works well ... .

> shadow went to prison for beating up two men , but receives parole after three years of doing time . because he is big and radiates a & quot ; do n't mess & quot ; attitude , shadow had no problems there . two days before he is to be freed , the warden informs shadow that his wife died and he can leave to make proper funeral arrangements . shadow loved his wife and is rocked by the news.when mr. wednesday arrives on the scene just before the funeral of shadow 's wife , the grieving ex-con welcomes the craziness that ensues . mr. wednesday is actually odin and with the other ancient gods and mythical creatures walks the earth though no one believes in them anymore . mr. wednesday and cohorts are growing weaker and he wants to make one last confrontation for the hearts of americans.neil gaiman uses flashbacks to show how leprechauns , odin , pixies other creatures of myth and legend other came to the new world . they traveled here in the hearts and souls of the immigrants . this pure epic urban fantasy demonstrates why mr. gaiman remains the grandmaster of the sub-genre . the old ones need people to believe in them again , but doubt they can achieve their noble objective . the climax is incredibly original so that no one will guess what will happen . american gods might prove to be the fantasy tale of 2001 as it is already that of the midpoint.harriet klausner
= a n adventue into otherwhere
< epic urban fantasy

> i must admit , i wish that i read this book for the first time while i was in high school . it would have been a great book to read in school , too - i definitely would have preferred to read this over some of the other assigned books . it would have been a lot of fun to discuss . and it really is amazing just how timeless this book is , i mean , for the most part , it feels like this could have been published this year . it just feels very fresh and modern , which i suppose is one of the tell-tale signs of a true classic novel . i did n't really know what to expect from the book , and i did really enjoy reading it . i will say , though , i read somewhere that there is a window of opportunity to read this book , and that if you read it when too young , or too old , you lose the book 's full power , and i can definitely see how that statement is true . still , holden caulfield is a great character , but i would have liked him even more if i had been introduced to him at a younger age .
= do n't wait to read this !
< i wish i wish i wish i was in the first

> it was a nice story but to me it just seemed to be lacking the bella andre 'flair ' that i am used to and love.i am a sucker for childhood sweethearts who find their way back to another , years later . they may not have been in love back then due to the age difference and the fact that brooke was mia 's good friend.rafe is a jaded p.i and has had it with people 's lack of humanity . when mia discovers that their old beach house is on the market , she forces him to buy it . brooke inherited her grandparents beach house when they passed . she gave up her career and ventured into the truffle making business , thus moving to the beach house full time . rafe arrives and deems the beach house inhabitable while it is renovated . he runs into brooke who offers to let him stay with her while he renovates it.the rest is self explanatory , nothing out of the norm at all . sure there is some back and forth between rafe and brooke but you know there will be a hea . and i have no problem with that , i love that fact . like i said , for me something is missing .
= nice but lacking
< nice story but ...

> this is a great little setup . nicely designed small piece of plastic with an easy way to hang it up nearly anywhere ( comes with 'command ' adhesive hooks ) . has room for a pen , looks nice , nearly perfect . the biggest downside i have , and really the only one , is that because of the alternating fashion of the post-it notes pulling out ( meaning when you pull one out of the holder , another will be ready to pull again , just like a kleenex box essentially ) , it requires post-it notes that are adhesive on every other side ( to allow them to pull out correctly ) . so instead of being able to use my giant stack of post-it notes i bought at costco , i need to buy special ones for this holder . it enables a very nice way to use the post-it notes , so it 's really not a fault , or rather wo n't be once i buy a giant stack of these type and use them solely.great idea , and eventually when i run out of the other post it notes , i 'll use it , but it might be sitting unused for awhile .
= does n't use regular post-it notes .
< great little setup

> the intimate look at the life of stuttering prince who soon finds himself the future king of england after his older brother , edward viii , abdicates the throne for an american divorcee . edward was the only monarch to abdicate the throne since the time of the anglo-saxons . in other words a long time ago . the quality of this picture is amped up by the quality actors , including the supporting cast . colin firth won the oscar for his portrayal of prince albert ( bertie ) who lated would become george vi , whose eldest daughter , elizabeth , would take the throne as elizabeth ii . nice touches on the prince 's ailment and very nice interplay between firth and rush with a focus on the intimate life of the prince . this picture was nominated for 11 aas and won 4 , most notably best picture . story/plotting : b plus ; character/dialogue : b plus to a minus ; evoking the era : b plus ; my grade : b plus ; when watched : end of feb. 2011 .
= well worth a watch
< the prince 's prince

> there is no question that gold kili 's instant ginger lemon beverage mix is made from ginger . the smell and taste is strong . i would suggest you start off light and continue too add the mix until you reach the strength of flavor you desire . i could not imagine how strong a bite this drink would have if not cut with honey . i do agree that with the advertisement that this is a strong ginger drink with a unique taste . my first sip shocked my taste buds that i almost did not continue to drink any . i did continue too and as i started too adjust to the flavor . the drink was not bad and it still had the ginger bite i wanted but this is not a blend i would seek out . i would drink but never buy it . though flavorful ; i did not find the experience enjoyable . the crystals do instantly dissolve to make this spicy beverage . and with the taste ... i hope it is good for you .
= ginger drink with bite
< strong taste , good taste

> i have friends and family with all the different kindles , but this is the first one i 've purchased . i am glad that i finally gave in . the latest kindle paperwhite makes reading ebooks a pleasure instead of a chore . the contrast is wonderful , pages refresh quickly , the touchscreen is easy to use , the device is light and comfortable to hold , and the built-in light is absolutely terrific . regardless of the environment , the kindle paperwhite performs flawlessly . it is far easier on my eyes than lcd screens and i can have every book i could possibly want to read with me at all times . using calibre i was able to convert and transfer pdf and other files to my kindle easily . while i still prefer print for certain types of writing , like newspapers and textbooks , the kindle is perfect if you are n't trying to skim or read something with pictures .
= a polished product
< great for kindle paperwhite

> our girls get a chew treat every day , mostly one of those round sticks that come in different flavors . when presented with this new flat stick , neither dog knew what to make of it and each took hers reluctantly . that hesitancey changed quickly though . on subsequent offerings they 've accepted the new treats eagerly.i like that the sticks are flat and easily broken with my fingers . poor piper has four missing teeth because we unknowingly had been giving her chews that were too hard . the doggy dentist advised us never to give her any chews that we could n't bend with our hands . the fun bites have just enough crunchiness to exercise the canine jaws , but not enough resistance to endanger piper 's teeth.as i write this i 've just split a fun bite between the girls and gabby is sitting my my side begging for more . that 's the best endorsement she could give .
= a treat for the chewsy
< fun for the family

> i could n't have imagined the imprint this movie would have . i have seen toby maguire in pleasantville and was rather confused as to why he was chosen for the lead role . this lasted until the scene in which he looks in the mirror after the spider bit him . from that point on i became convinced he was the 'born for the role ' . the special effects appeared a bit c.g . in a couple of scenes , but this was overshadowed by the brilliance of the special effects as a whole . the message from ben to peter in the care 'with great power comes great responsibility ' is an axiom . the movie with all of the action has a dare i say 'moral ' message that all of us need to hear . i could go on and on . just get the movie and you will see .
= spiderman
< i could n't have imagined the movie

> rex is a douchebag of largest proportion and sometimes when you push someone so hard he/she will push back . anna needs to grow some with her helplessness it just annoys me . sometime you need to stand up for yourself no matter what . xavier needs some self control and anger management . we all have demons but it is how we deal with it that matters.this story has put so much empathy on the character that we miss the little things . like how we see the relationship between the characters for example the greed , jealousy and envy . in knowing we can see the story for what it is . like anna becoming her own woman and how xavier and quinn help her . how xavier is letting anna 's influence battle past demons . these great things happening in the story makes me realize how great/awesome this story is written .
= emotional overload
< rex is a douchebag

> there 's something about this drink that reminds me faintly of tea or apple . i think that it may be that there 's a faintly citrus taste in there , which is probably what gives it the 'crisp ' taste that the flavor name implies and i 'm interpreting it as a kind of lemon flavor . i 'm honestly not exactly sure whether this is part of the aloe or just one of the `` natural flavors '' that the company put in the bottle , but the effect is honestly pleasant and refreshing.i think the sweetness of it is just a touch too high to drink in large amounts . it 's not more sweet than something like soda , but the effect is somehow a little more striking . this is a drink that would definitely be really nice to relax with out in the sun on a warm day .
= crisp is right
< a little too sweet

> i enjoyed the movie besides the subtle hints hidden in there of perhaps a bias towards the u.s. ? or maybe just in general ? but the movie , the creator and character i do n't think are trying to make a political statement , at least not in my belief . it is very funny and provoking , when he chases pamela anderson is a favorite scene , when he goes to a pentecoastal church is another ( could be offensive , not to me ) . when he arrives in the u.s. in the beginning , in nyc and there is all these rude people , and when he talks to a feminist group.i laughed out loud so bad . very enjoyable .
= not politically correct , but very funny .
< very funny

> manor farm is taken over by the resident farm animals in a revolution . the farmer is ousted off the property . from the initial communal society , a tyrant ruling class arises ( the pigs ) .very insightful and more than a little distressing . a fitting allegory to russian dictatorships or ( i 'm sad to say ) even the us congress or white house in many regards ( which has evolved from servant to ruler status ) .orwell 's book seems like a concept and idea which should have been thought of and written by other authors in even earlier times . it remains timeless.not as good as `` 1984 '' , but important and worth the quick read .
= rulers and politicians
< a good allegory

> maybe it is me , thus the 3 star review and not less . i expected a bottle of water with caffeine and i expected it to taste like just water . i do get a slight after taste , but maybe it is just me ? i was not fond of my bottle of water . i did manage that cup of coffee buzz , but i think i 'll stick to my coffee for that . for the price , i ca n't see buying water with caffeine that has a bitter after taste . if i did n't think that taste varies from person to person , i 'd give this a one star review for price and taste .
= it 's ok , but there is an aftertaste
< not bad

> awesome story , excellent writing ( few mistakes ) , but that 's okay . this is a love story writing from a good premise . young love , but they found each other years later . but by now jake is a big rock star with all the vices . can tru change him ? you have to read it to find out . i promise you you wo n't regret it . it has some bites , but the mooch factor is there too . and jake is as sensual as any of these bad boys . you 'll love it , and book 2 just came out .
= wow !
< excellent story

> axe energizing face wash , boostevery now and then , a guy just needs a little boost ! comments from dad : `` axe energizing face wash , boost , lathers up well , on face and neck , and rinses off easily with a few splashes of water . leaves skin feeling ultra smooth and clean . no scent detected . my face has been re-charged ! time to party ! : ) '' there ya have it ! : ) does axe energizing face wash , boost , sound like what you may be looking for ? : ) highly recommended ! -- katharena eiermann , 2013
= time to party ! : )
< ... no scent detected . : )

> finally after reading two very long drawn out books , we get a complete , shocking , turn of events final book ! ! loved it ! ! ! although i am definitely not a fan of harry 's ! ! ! big question ... how can the author finish the series with a cliffhanger ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? and is this cindy that is the culprit since she is the only character that the author did n't include in the wrap up of the story ? ? ? ?
= wait , what ? ? ? ?
< finally ! ! !

> i put post-it notes on everything and could n't be more pleased with a product . packets are in every room in my apartment , but i did n't particularly care for carrying some around in my purse when i ran errands . this new post-it roll is perfect as it is lightweight and easy to roll to whatever length i like . it reminds me of the packaging of other 3-m products such as scotch tape and shipping tape which are equally good . i definitely will buy another roll .
= a wonderful size to carry !
< perfect for post-it notes

> for years i sent away for the `` professional '' return address stickers , even though i 've had a computers and printers since the last century ... but no longer ! ! ! ! it 's so easy printing my own and they look so great.you just go to the 3m website listed on the package and download the free templates and in a few minutes you have these address stickers and they look great ! i wish i 'd discovered this years ago
= these are great ! ! ! !
< great for the price !

> sara and chris have made great strides in letting each know who they are . sara 's reveal of herself is eye opening and she wants to see the real chris , but we all have to wait . i ca n't wait to read the final book already preordered . i 'm hooked on this trilogy , rebecca 's end is tragic but mark did lose the love of his life , regret , regret .
= wow , being me is revealing !
< another great book by rebecca and chris

> this coffee press makes two regular sized mugs of coffee ... the 6 cups is a european `` six . '' the mesh is fine enough that only the tiniest dregs make it into the cup . the last drop or two is not drinkable as all the coffee grounds are not entirely filtered out of the brew . the taste is good as this method prevents `` over cooking . '' nice press !
= good for making strong coffee ... last drop is not drinkable
< nice press !

> this product is just ok. i see the reason for it , but in my house , we go through sticky notes way too quickly , this one only holds about 25 post-it notes in order to keep it thin to go on top of a laptop or note pad , etc . i just do n't see the usefulness of it in my house . i prefer the regular post-it size notepads .
= ok product
< just ok.

> i didnt know about this book when i first started but i got ta say it was surprisingly good . i love the dialogue between the characters ! it 's nothing like i 've ever read haha . they 're really funny and i think that 's what really made me like the book . i would recommend it : )
= romance with a funny side ! !
< surprisingly good !

> fits snugly , has an excellent grip , and does not distract from the screen when i am watching video . perfect.well almost -- the perfect case would not need to be taken off when i fit my ipod into a speaker . but as i have yet to see one that does , this one will certainly do .
= does the job i need it to do
< great grip , but not a great case

> this was such an awesome book ! what a rollercoaster ride ... ... ... ... ... ... i did n't know who i liked/disliked or who i was rooting for but man am i glad i read this book . i am so glad i read this book and i am looking forward to the next installment .
= omg ! ! awesome book !
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> great little story but do i want to read more ? well , i ca n't give an enthusiastic yes but on the other hand it was a nice love story and a pleasant way to pass the time , and sometimes that is enough .
= it was free !
< great little story

> i love gerard butler and got to see lots of him in this movie . this movie hit close to home given our current political situation . i found it particularly disturbing to see our national treasures destroyed . i was glued to this one .
= wow !
< a classic

> a little better than the first , alot better than part 3 that 's for sure . good movie , although i ca n't get over why this guy plays spider-man/peter parker . good spidey flick and great to watch along with part 1 .
= spider-man 2 .
< good movie

> edward all the way . i actually was surprised by that . before reading this series but seeing all the hype on tv i would of guessed i would of been team jacob but no way ! ! !
= team ...
< i liked it .

> this book was fantastic ! i am a big fan if beau vincent and ashton gray . i enjoyed this book even though i do n't usually like books where there is cheating involved .
= love me some beau
< loved it !

> i loved the journey that dan brown took in this book . it was great read -- i could n't put it down .
= better than the devinci code
< great read

> i am a devoted tolkien fan , and enjoy both the books and the movies each in their own genre . i had owned the original 2 disc editions and later opted for the extended editions . there are pros and cons to this release . rather than whining about 'double dipping ' ( let 's remember - it is you , the consumer , who purchase the dvd 's , no one is forcing your hand ) this is edition offers audiences another option based on what they may want to buy . if 'extras ' just are n't your 'thing ' ( even as devoted as i am , i have n't watched the extras on the extended version more than once , except for the part on gollum ) this may be the edition for you . it is less expensive than the four disc editions , but you are getting two different movie experiences . the packaging is well laid out as well . the extras on this film are really not all that great ( as someone else mentioned - the mean it when they say 'raw ' ) , but the packaging is well done and it will look good on your shelf . the only noticable down-side to this set , it seems to me , is having to flip over the dvd for the second half of the movie . while necessary for obvious reasons , these dvd 's seem to scratch and get dirty easier.so , if you are a tolkien nut , i say go with the extended editions ( i mean , how often can one really watch both the theater cuts and the extended editions ? ) . if you have never bought them before and want a great movie experience , and do n't really care about the extras i would buy this edition . or if all you really want is the theater movies , go with the original 2 disc set which are very inexpensive right now .
= a rational look at these dvd 's
< a great movie , but not great

> i 'll be completely honest : i bought this book thinking that it would be a sexy , passionate love story with vampire undertones ( yes , that kind of thing actually appeals to me ) . i did n't realize `` twilight '' was a young adult novel when i bought it , and i was a bit disappointed at first because i knew the book would n't be quite as smutty as i 'd hoped for . however , i was intrigued by the story and ended up really enjoying the book . `` twilight '' is the story of bella swan , a 17-year-old girl who reluctantly relocates from phoenix , arizona , to live with her father in a small washington town . bella quickly becomes obsessed with edward cullen , a handsome classmate who is dazzling and yet very difficult to read . eventually bella discovers the truth : edward and his family are vampires . that little tidbit of information does n't really bother bella much at all , though , and she and edward end up falling in love . not surprisingly , their relationship faces several major hurdles : edward ca n't get too close to bella without being so turned on that he 's tempted to bite her throat , etc . despite many challenges , bella and edward remain committed to each other , but then one careless mistake puts everyone in grave danger.i could n't put this book down . in addition to all the tender `` first true love '' moments , `` twilight '' puts a refreshing new twist on vampire lore . this is a great book that young people and adults will enjoy . i 'm eager to read the next two books in the series .
= young love , vampire-style
< a refreshing new love story

> unlike any other steven spielberg movie ever made , you are in for a shocking , mind-bending , often disturbing treatise on the nature of technology , and , perhaps more importantly , on humanity itself . much like 2001 , and a clockwork orange , this movie is touched everywhere by stanley kubrick 's brilliant hands ; it is profoundly engaging , and hits horrifyingly close to home . set in a not-too-distant future , and without giving anything away , the movie begins as a couple decides to adopt the first robotic child programmed to love . as a synopsis for all that follows , this in itself poses more questions that either spielberg or kubrick are prepared to answer . the bottom line is this : the movie will infect your mind , and you will walk away from the theatre unable to shake the images , the emotional power , and the characters from your head . do not expect another summer blockbuster -- this movie is devoid of pure sensationalism , though it does feature two outrageously effective performances in haley joel osment and jude law , and some of the most imaginative , realistic special effects you 've ever seen . do not bring young children ; even teens will be disturbed by the big questions this movie asks . like kubrick 's best films , this movie is a transporting work of science fiction that nearly begs to be seen more than once . it is an entertainment , but one of the highest order : if you let yourself go there , you are transformed by the experience of seeing it , and some things may never look the same again .
= classic of our time
< a classic , but a classic

> django is a good film and it contains a lot of action in the times shortly before the civil war . django is a freed slave seeking a way to find and save his wife from a life of slavery and brutality . he is befriended by a man who has given him hope that accomplishing his goal is possible.this is a typical quentin tarantino film with graphic violence and language but it is also filled with action and adventure . the cinematography is very good in the film and the storyline are interesting . saved from slavery by a german dentist ( christoph waltz ) who is now a bounty hunter , django ( jamie fox ) becomes a master gunman and bounty hunter and so the adventure begins ... ..the film features an all-star cast and the acting is very good . it is almost like an old clint eastwood type of western story . i enjoyed the action of the film and the acting . jamie fox did a wonderful job in the lead role . christoph waltz in the role of the german dentist also did a fantastic job and you begin to like him and his personality more and more as the film goes on . the film does have a lot of graphic violence and language in it and some of the scenes are very bloody . the film for me was entertaining but perhaps a bit long at 166 minutes.it is a classic western film done in quentin tarantino style and if you are one of the fans of his movies then this is a must see film .
= the 1 out of 10,000 !
< django django

> this stuff is more like a creamy balm instead of the traditional vaseline consistency . it 's very smooth , and coats your lips lightly , without a waxy feel . the cocoa butter scent is mild with just the perfect amount . the balm stays on your lips for an hour or more , unless you eat or drink something , and then wipe your lips . there is no harsh feeling like the menthol type lip treatments give you . i love this stuff ! i am giving this a 4 because of the container . it 's tiny , which is fine , but it 's a bit inconvenient because you have to have something to wipe your finger when you are done using it . this can be a hassle if you are at a game , or in the park , etc . the lid snaps completely off , which makes it easy to drop and lose , because it 's so small . it should have been made with a hinge on it , so that it stays connected . they really need to figure out how to make this in a tube , that you can apply without having to use your finger . that being said , this is great to have at the office , or home where you have access to a tissue to wipe the excess off your finger . i would give it a 5 if it were made in a tube , because this stuff really is one of the best lip balms i have tried .
= creamy , smooth and wonderful !
< smooth , smooth , and smooth

> i truly wanted to enjoy this action flick , but find myself just wanting the predictable story to come to an end . i did not like any of the characters and did not care what happened to them . what can they expect when they did not even take the time to develop any of them ? it turns out the the most likable was the barkeep . he was the only one even remotely interesting . the story failed on every level as it presented a predictable plot with zero twists . if you did not see the 'reveal ' coming from the very beginning , then you must be a complete idiot . i give this jumbled mess three stars though for a few reasons . some of the visuals were pretty cool , though the aliens themself were humdrum typical ( except for their tiny hands ) . secondly , the lack of a true hollywood happy ending made me smile.the fact is , schlockywood needs to understand that not all comics , or graphic novels , translate to the big screen . i really expected better from the crew behind this film . maybe i 'm still too jaded from spielberg and ford ruining indy with their last film flop . wait , that one was about amazingly similar , uninspired aliens too.i just have to say again , i really wanted to like this movie . sad .
= paper thin characters , story , and plot
< not what i expected

> in this book the reader is introduced to modern day america where most of the population has been killed due to the outbreak of a superflu virus . the survivors then band together to form two opposing camps . the `` nice '' people go to boulder , colorado whereas the `` bad , mean '' people go to las vegas which seems to be the appropriate choice since it is the capital of legalized sin and vice . king introduces us to an ensemble of characters included larry underwood , the musician with a massive guilt complex and stu redman who goes from being a country hick to an articulate , thoughful , caring politician ( ! ! ! ) upon his arival in boulder . king originally released this book in it 's condensed form and after having huge sucess as a writer again released it in this expanded format which would have to be the height of vanity and egocentricity on the part of an author . as a result we have the literary equivalent of 5 pounds of horse manure packed loosely into a 10 pound bag and the reader is forced to endure every single thought that poppped into king 's head during the writing of this novel . i give this book 5 stars because who else but king could entice his legion of fans out there to buy the same story twice ?
= i 'm scared of the mean bad man in las vegas ! ! !
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> if you use a larger type of sliced bread for your sandwiches , this baggy will probably not be large enough for them . it works for smaller sliced loaves , like wonderbread or grocery store brand breads . but anything larger and it likely wo n't fit . the baggy does work for everything else though . fruits , chips , cookies , etc . the zipper closure is nice , and it 's easy for kids to open and close without help from an adult.the baggy can be easily turned inside out and washed , and the different colors and designs make it easy for kids to know which baggy is theirs . if someone had a few kids , one could get a few different baggies and use certain ones for each child . like with my kids , when i pack them a school lunch , both of my kids like turkey sandwiches , but my daughter is lactose intolerant . so one sandwich is made with cheese on it , and one without . putting sandwiches in baggies like these can help identify at a quick glace , which kids sandwich is which . just make sure to tell your kids not to throw the baggy away after lunchtime , or they might think they are disposable like any other plastic baggy .
= works for snacks or sandwiches made with smaller sliced bread
< nice for kids , but not for kids

> as a kid i grew up picking and eating my own oranges , mangoes , bananas , watermelon other tropical fruits . i know what 100 % natural fruit and juice tastes like . this product does not taste natural . if watermelon flavor had been absent i do n't think i could differentiate this product from a strawberry soda you can get from any vending machine . moreover i am not crazy about carbonated drinks considering the current discussion about certain negative side effects that may be caused by carbonation in general . you really ca n't put fresh fruit in a canned drink . for those of you who are interested in a nutritious fruit drink that is good for you , take some frozen grapes , strawberries or cherries and put them in a smoothie blender . add some grape juice , apple juice , cranberry juice or whatever you have ( that is 100 % fruit product ) , some pineapple ( if you like ) , a banana ( if you want some thickness ) and some ice . blend and then pour in a nice ice cold glass and enjoy ! now this is 100 % naturally good for you . nice try switch - but i 'd rather switch .
= it may be carbonated 100 % natural juice but . . .
< good for a kid i grew up and eating my oranges

> quite simply one of the best books i 've ever read ... larsen has done his homework , the research is meticulous..i felt transported to this period in time as daniel burnham strives to build something so uniquely american for the 1893 worlds fair , hoping to outdo the french who had built the eiffel tower for the last worlds fair . chicago is on the verge of becoming a great city and this could push them into that category but the amount of work , planning and money needed seems almost impossible to imagine that it can happen . at a time when it seemed like there were no limits to what man could do , the challenge was met . the villain , henry homes a deviated , sexual predator and serial killer rises in profile as the buildings of the white city are built . an amazing dual storyline with a bit of americana thrown in , buffalo bill , edison , the very first ferris wheel ! tragedy , murder and heroism abound as this story just takes off and leaves you ga , ga , that it is all true . amazing book .
= chicago world 's fair and murder ...
< one of the best books i 've ever read

> i had to take my time reading this one since this was my most anticipated read for about a year . it absolutely did not disappoint ! not only did i get to retake the roller coaster ride that is the love story of travis and abby but i got to retake that ride by going into the mind of the perfectly imperfect travis maddox . being in travis ' mind we have an even clearer picture of just how big a heart travis has and his reason behind his actions . we see how when he opens his heart and truly falls in love he gives it all ! to some it might seem obsessive or weird but its just travis ' way . if he 's gon na give his heart , he 's gon na give it completely . hands down best book of 2013 so far ! *we also got to see what happens after the story ends and that is a whole other treat ... : )
= travis maddox : perfectly imperfect ! ! !
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i typically use clinical strength deodorant since i like that extra bit of strength . i rarely have a problem with odor but wetness is a deal breaker for me - if it does n't keep me dry , i 'll move on . the good news is that with all the hot summer weather we 've had , this has worked well . it goes on cleanly , does n't irritate my skin , and i do n't get white stuff on my clothes , either.i 've tried several of these dove line products and in each , the scents are very subtle . you 're not going to stink up the car or gym with your deodorant scent when sweating . this did last all day but i have n't tested it for two days - no need.this is competitively priced and has kept shaving irritation down . in all , very pleased with this deodorant line from dove .
= goes on smoothly , no white on clothes , does n't sting
< works well

> the 70s were ( arguably ) the best decade for rock'n'roll and & quot ; dark side & quot ; is ( arguably ) the best album of that period . certainly it had the longest billboard chart streak ( over 15 years ! ) . an unlikely success story , & quot ; dark side & quot ; is a synthesized concept album about death by a band that had made little impact in the u.s. before the album 's release . it is a masterwok of songwriting and perfection of the craft . the background voices and noises are perfectly placed to enhance the album 's mood . there simply is not a bad song in the mix , though & quot ; money , & quot ; and & quot ; time , & quot ; stand out in particular . a must have for any classic rock fan .
= best rock album of the 1970s
< the best album of that period

> i have two dogs [ `` sammy '' is a good-sized part rottweiler and `` molly '' is a small half-dalmatian ] and they love these above even *slim jims* , which they 're not allowed to have but my brother brings them anyway . they ca n't warf them down like they do the other k-9 treats -- they have to chew them which , of course , facilitates teeth cleaning.i gave a few to a friend who now owns a very intelligent and large half-collie [ `` butters '' ] that the two of us rescued last year and she was equally keen on these flat treats . this dog is quite a bit more picky about her food and dog snacks than my dogs but she begged for more.so , you can hardly go wrong here -- these treats are healthy and the dogs love them .
= happy dogs !
< the dogs love them

> lutein ( and zeaxanthin ) are medically known and with much evidence shown to reduce the risk of amd ( age-related muscular degeneration ) and cataract.due to this reason , i have been keeping my daily intake of vegetables ( with lutein ) at about 10-20 mg per day . this has also been a recommended intake for both eye and health benefits as lutein is a powerful anti-oxidant.however , when we travel , vegetables tend to be a neglected dish and we are glad that with the jarrow formulas lutein softgels , we are able to supplement it to our diet.the pill is medium-sized , has a slight odor and is easy to swallow . one pill carries 20mg lutein and 1mg zeaxanthin . a good product to bring during travels or as regular intake to supplement a high protein/low veggie diet .
= good supplement during travels - must have for protection of eyes
< lutein is a good product

> yeah it 's gluten free and whatever , but unless that 's a really big issue for you and you 're having trouble finding sugary drinks to enjoy on your gluten-free diet , there 's no real draw to this drink over say , orange fanta or any number of other carbonated juice type drinks . i thought it was massively overly sweet , and i have something of a sweet tooth . the orange flavor was n't particularly authentic or delicious , and it left a sour aftertaste . i got a free sample this time , and i can not see actually paying money to buy this product again . on an environmental note , packaging and shipping these things in tiny little cans makes for more waste , and i do n't appreciate that either . not a fan .
= too sweet , too expensive , too much packaging
< not a fan of tea

> 'the kite runner ' is certainly an interesting read . it is written as if were a memoir by a man recounting his boyhood in kabul in the 1970s and how his past catches up with him twenty years later while living in california . so convincing is this memoir format that i had to keep reminding myself 'the kite runner ' is indeed fiction . although the story itself is immensely readable and oftentimes heartwarming , tragic or downright horrific , ultimately the author overcooks it a bit ; the story grows to become somewhat unrealistic . on the other hand the author does a masterful job in describing life in kabul during very turbulent years and he educates the reader on various afghan customs and prejudices.bottom line : entertaining and educational . strongly recommended .
= the destruction of afghanistan as reflected in a family melodrama
< entertaining memoir

> i had a little difficulty with identifying the different swedish names in the cd audiobook and the plot was a little slow to build . but once it took off , this audiobook had me hooked . i liked and was interested in salandar , but the male lead , less so . he seemed rather shallow of a man aside from his intense desire to solve a mystery and exact revenge on his gangster . and it disappointed me that he and salandar end up in bed together and so forth . gross . actually all of the sex involving the male lead was rather unpleasant to envision . but the storyline held my attention and i enjoyed the twists at the end . i will definitely read or listen to the next two .
= interesting characters , unusual setting for us reader
< gross , but not as good as the first

> why read : loved the series so far.what impressed me : i love zsadist . his complete rawness makes him a powerful character . bella manages to be convincing as both a strongly sexual woman and a caring , nurturing influence . their romance is unconventional and sometimes extremely painful to read , but their need for one another both physically and emotionally makes for a hell of a love story.what disappointed me : the lessening society irks me more and more with each book . their methods seem largely ineffective . instead of feeling like a scary foe the brotherhood needs to be wary of , they seem like annoying little bugs that are mostly just aggravating.recommended : absolutely.continue series : most definitely .
= reading with tequila
< zsadist

> i am not an athlete , but i do get on the treadmill regularly for weight loss - alternating between fast walking and moderate jogging . i also have the joy of having a terrier who loves to play tag - so i get some running done in the yard with him ... these really do move along with you as you move . i 've had some tampons become very obviously there to me when close to full capacity - inching downward ever so slightly during lots of movement . i do n't get that issue with these sport tampons by playtex . no leaks , and no uncomfortable shifting of the product .
= comfortable
< playtex tampons

> i saw that several reviewers mentioned that these are very crunchy , and i wondered if that meant they were hard -- but they 're not . i mean , i 'm not sure if denture-wearers would be thrilled , but they 're not very hard on teeth . they are super-crunchy , perfectly formed little balls of sweetness . they taste like granny smith apples , without much cinnamon flavor . i like these as a healthier alternative to chips . i just wish my daughter felt the same way ... she 's 6 , ate one , and told me she disapproved . shame . so they 're all mine !
= super-sweet and crunchy
< crunchy , but not very hard on teeth

> i love the four neon colors of these labels . if you store children 's clothing in plastic bins , these are great to help keep your clothing organized . these labels make it easy to see at a glance what you have stored in the bins.we are also using these at an outreach mission for the poor in appalachia where a lot of clothing is donated . you can quickly put a label on each box and mark what it contains to help keep inventory organized and easy to find.i am pleased to find another great 3m product made in the usa .
= love the bright colors !
< great product

> wow..this book was absolutely amazing . it was such a beautiful story and the writer did a wonderful job at showing how the heart wants what it wants and how you could actually love two people , and not portraying the man as a man whore which is nice for a change . i also liked how you could feel so much passion and love without so much descriptive sex scenes ... honestly i think i felt more from those characters than any other ... gosh i just love ridge ... .he is so beautifully amazing ... .
= must read
< amazing

> when i 'm out gardening i rarely wear a hat so i was looking for other options to keep my scalp from being sunburnt . i found you can use this sort of like a hairspray . it goes on the same . i simply lift my hair and spray this on my scalp . it has so far been effective for keeping me from getting sunburnt . i do n't however like using this on the rest of my body . i much prefer a suntan lotion for even coverage.~the rebecca review
= keeps your scalp from being sunburnt
< works well

> i 'm a fan of spicy things in many forms . unfortunately this does not fall into that category . the jalepeno flavor is very mild . i tried it on a salmon burger and also on some bean and beef burritos . it does not have a bad flavor but , for me at least , there are much better options out there . if you 're just looking to add a bit jalepeno flavoring to your food then this might be what you 're looking for .
= falls a bit short of expectation
< mild flavor , mild flavor

> laura kaye & # 8217 ; s latest release , hard as it gets , is a spicy romantic suspense unlike any other . as a longtime fan of her writing i known for a while what it means to lust after that next release ( lol ) . her writing style uniquely blends all the best contemporary elements . now that she has introduced this reader to nick and his comrades i have a new group of sexy alpha heroes to obsess over .
= highly recommended ! ! !
< spicy romantic suspense

> i have used tide often in the past . this is the first time i use this one with downy and this scent . for the time being this will become my to go detergent . it has a really nice and pleasant scent that is not overpowering . my clothes were clean and fresh . this is great for colors but not that great for blacks . they were definitely a bit less black .
= great for colors , not so for blacks
< great for colors

> i 've had other remington products i 've loved but this by far surpasses the good quality of even those and does a wonderful yet gentle job of straightening curly hair . i love the way the controls are designed ... easily accessable but easier to not change the temperature of the flat iron on accident . i love this and im hiding it from my relatives that want it lol
= can i say wow ?
< love it !

> yes ... it makes gift wrapping far easier . we got this just in time to use for the last minute wrapping and it cut both the heavy paper and the cheaper-type ( last minute run to the store ) stuff . other similar products that i 've used had problems with the thin stuff.ca n't wait for our family 's `` birthday season '' to kick in !
= cheap and effective !
< makes gift wrapping far easier

> very good tea and so easy to brew . i have been using tea bags in my keurig since 2010 and have been very happy with the results . i box of 100 lipton tea bags cost $ 2+ on here a couple days ago so the cost difference is huge .
= tasty
< very good tea

> this waterproof razor and trimmer is pretty decent as a trimmer . i was not as happy with the razor part and have switched back to the hydro so the dual function is lost on me .
= ok for trimming and maintaining
< decent razor

> i did enjoy ethan but i did n't find anything special about this book . and omg was brynne a drama queen ! ! ! ! !
= just okay
< ethan

> we begin with emma coming home to find her roommate being raped by a man from the mob , her roommate 's boyfriend , but it is clear that emma is not a willing participant . emma does what she needs to do to save her roommate but then she is trapped with nowhere to go & the potential for the mob finding out . her only option is to run to carter reed , the boy she grew up with , her brother 's best friend . emma watched the murder of her brother aj and has been broken ever since . what she did n't know is that the mob had been looking for her ever since , many years now , but carter definitely knew and feels it is his job to protect her . i just could n't get into the characters , and it is unbelievable that someone like carter could exist , basically a hot killing machine , all muscle & blue eyes . he goes into the mob , shoots up his enemies after aj 's death , and then makes agreements in order to get out of the mob ? that does not happen . there are side stories about emma 's job and how she now exists in an entirely difference world , living in carter 's world with bodyguards protecting her every move . the only part i really did like about this story was the connection between carter & emma . i never doubted for a minute how they felt about each other , i never worried that carter would stray . he was 100 % devoted to her & went to great lengths to keep her safe . i expected a lot of hot dirty sex but the details were really to a minimum which is too bad - that would have made me bump up my review to 4 stars .
= carter & emma
< carter & emma

> roger ebert called this the best film of 2002 and i am hard-pressed to disagree . steven spielberg after the apparent failure of `` a.i . `` ( not in my book ) delved right back into the sci-fi genre . freed from having to make a film that had to live up to the expectations of the late stanley kubrick , spielberg made a film that contained his own personal vision but in some ways is informed by the lessons he learned from kubrick . there is a certain cynicism about the future that spielberg imagines but ultimately there is room for optimism . the film concerns a future where crime is virtually eliminated through the use of `` pre-cogs '' , drug-induced seers of the future who foretell crime before it is actually committed . tom cruise plays anderton , head of the pre-cog unit who is also grappling with the loss of his young son and a separation from his wife . things are going swimmingly for anderton until he is implicated in a future crime and it 's his time to run . the themes in this film resonate such as the morality of using technology to violate one 's civil rights for crimes you may or may not commit . the film is also a slam-bang action film that will entertain even if you do n't feel like dealing with heavy themes . the cinematography , art direction , and special effects are all top-notch . cruise is excellent and is equalled by samantha morton , who plays one of the pre-cogs , agatha . there is a great supporting cast here with max von sydow , colin farrell , and kathryn morris . the story has twists and turns that make sense and result in a satisfying conclusion . `` minority report '' definitely ranks as one of spielberg 's crowning achievements .
= classic sci-fi from spielberg
< the best film of spielberg 's crowning

> cormac mccarthy using a succinct , minimalistic style in his writing , nonetheless creates deep emotion and vivid imagery in his latest novel , `` the road '' .mccarthy chronicles an arduous journey of a nameless man and his young son through a countryside annihilated by a cataclysm , presumably a nuclear holocaust some years back . they trudge through a land incinerated leaving behind a scorched earth devoid of almost all living things . the boy 's mother unwilling to suffer through a life struggling for daily survival decided to take her own life.the final destination of their odyssey is a distant seaside shore in a southerly direction , hoping to mollify the freezing , unprotected cold of the winter . with sustenance not assured , they travel on foot following a road diagramed on a tattered map toting a supermarket shoppimg cart . along the way they scavenge through destroyed towns , residences and anything that might conceal yet undiscovered food stores or items that could aid in their survival . they must elude murderous roving bands of brigands who have taken to cannibalism to keep their empty bellies full.in this bleak environment mccarthy focuses on the bonding between father and son based on their mutual compassion , as the man imparts the full extent of his wisdom on his cherished creation . the young son considers them to be the good guys in a world where goodness can disappear instantaneously when it interferes with survival . as their existence becomes more desperate the boy sees his father beginning to abandon these `` good '' qualities , as moral decisions need to be made.mccarthy 's novel while predominantly based on austere concepts leaves a slight glimmer of hope for a lifeless world shattered by a man-made apocalypse .
= a grim odyssey through a devastated landscape
< a bleak , bleak , bleak , bleak , bleak , bleak , and deep

> breaking nova is build on every dark and dangerous corner of life . this is not your fairy tale love story , or a promise of happily ever after . this is a walk down tragedy lane ; with detour down addiction and depression avenue . nova and quinton are both victims of terrible past . living with the grief and remorse as survivors has left them in deep depression , and a determination to find something to mask the pain . when their self destructive paths cross they find themselves faces with choices , and a chance for possibility . without hope on their sides they are running full throttle down and dark path that may cost both of them their lives . this story was a bit of slow starter , but the deep content had me hanging on . about midway through this picks up pace , and i felt as though i sailed through the remaining pages . as i expressed above this is not our usually hea , but the depth and intensity that this story struck me as a promising series . the glimmer of hope concluding this story gave a bit of reprieve from the dark and gloomy nature of this story , but it also previews a future that will be harder than anything experienced in this one story . the future of the nova series will be hard and vicious path that devoted readers will feel compelled to follow through . on a side note this novel is packed full of drugs and sexual content that should definitely be for the mature readers that can fully understand this dark and dangerous road . ~bookwhisperer reviewer jo~
= bookwhisperer favorite
< bookwhisperer review

> i should start this review by saving my preference for shaving products is generally with more of a shaving oil/lotion/soap and not a gel/cream . i 've also switched to mostly using a safety razor , and this product seems more designed for the mach3/etc style razors.initial impression was that it was nearly scentless . normally shaving cream has a very distinctive smell , but if this had any smell at all it is very subtle , to me this is very nice . the bottle itself is very nice looking , larger at the bottom , smaller at the top ( helps with tipping over ? or maybe just general holding on to it -- as it also has slightly recessed areas on it ) . gel comes out quickly and nearly instantly starts expanding . goes on nicely and stays foamy for a very long time.one of the downsides is that combined with whatever it seems to thin out and lose it 's foam . and without water ( at least with a safety razor ) it can cause the razor to have more drag ( and more irritation ) . i did get a little bit more bleeding than normal , but it might just be because i have n't got used to it , or simply i did n't get enough water on with it.overall it 's a large bottle , and will probably last a long time , smell ( or lack thereof ) is good , and for those of you using standard 3-4+ bladed razors and enjoy gel/creams this is a very good bet .
= good value shaving cream
< good for a shaving razors

> casablanca is simply the most enjoyable movie i 've ever seen , bar none . the setting is rick 's cafe in casablanca at the beginning of ww ii . everyone here wants out of casablanca , except rick ( bogart ) , who has escaped here from paris and the woman he 's loved and who 's jilted him . he is cynical , interested only in himself . then one day ilsa ( ingrid bergman ) , his lost love , shows up , in the company of husband vc xvicor laszlo ( paul henreid ) , a great resistance leader . they , too , want to escape to america , but the nazis plan on stopping him . through an accident rick has the only means of getting them out : letters of transit that can not be rescinded . it 's rick 's conscience versus an old love wound ; there is some doubt which will win ( even when making the movie this doubt remained right up to the final days of shooting ) , and at what cost.everything works perfectly in this movie -- the cynicism , the idealism , the twists and turns toward the conclusion . bogart is at his tough-guy-on-the-outside-softy-on-the-inside best ; bergman is lovely ; claude rains as the police commissioner is witty and almost as cynical as rick ; sidney greenstreet is great in a minor role . this movie never fails , no matter how many times viewed . wonderful !
= the best
< the best movie of all time !

> i loved these characters so much ! cassie had me rolling laughing in the beginning when she was trying to avoid jack . i love a strong and smart mouthed woman who will stand up for herself . when she finally gave in to go out with jack she learned he was a good guy . i loved that jack never gave up on trying to get cassie . jack makes it in the big leagues in baseball . he gets drunk and sleeps with a deceitful girl who lies and says she 's pregnant . then jack feels obligated to marry her so his child does n't grow up without both patents . cassie and jack still love each other though . jack learns his wife faked the pregnancy just to marry a rich famous baseball player . he kicks her out and gets the marriage annulled . he fights to get cassie back . he asks to be transferred to new york to play because this is where cassie lives now . his gifts to her in the end are so sweet . loved it ! can not wait to read next book !
= such a great story
< jack is the best !

> the best thing about this movie is it 's fast paced and therefore the pain of various scenes is short-lived . also , there 's some good one-liners on the moon . however , this movie attacks you with a blended mash of movie standards such as : the macho hero , the love interest , patriotism , action , rising music to artificially stir your emotions , the scientific genius , the misunderstood father , the misunderstood daughter , suspense , comedy , the bumbling bureaucrats , the rough-edged construction workers and of course , highly improbable drama . it 's the full playbook crammed together , and because of that , it 's virtually an educational guide about what not to do . it 's a total mess overall , and horrible science fiction , but grabs your attention here and there . unfortunately , though not even a decade old , it seems very outdated , largely b/c of the theme and the presence of the twin towers , but also because the computer effects are embarrasing in several places . overall , highly ridiculous .
= every cliche and movie ploy in the book
< ridiculous , but ridiculous

> rock the heart really rocked my heart and more ! this was a pretty & # 34 ; tame & # 34 ; and cleaner version of a rock band book than what i usually read but it still had enough sexy steam to keep me going and a pretty good ( if not at times predictable ) story.lane and noel were a once sweet but over time bitter couple because of a break-up that occured 4 years ago but when lane is forced to work with/for her former bf to land her dream job , all hell breaks loose . of course he tries to win her back and of course they have to go through all kinds of drama ... but it made for an entertaining & # 34 ; on the road & # 34 ; type of book with an hea for now ending . a really good start to what looks to be a fun reading experience for me ! ****4**** follow your dreams stars = )
= heavy rocking but sweet start to a series = )
< rock the heart

> quaker real medleys apple walnut oatmeal is impressive for a prepackaged oatmeal with the little bits of dried apple and cranberries , walnuts , and a hint of cinnamon . the barley and rye give it a little texture and visual appeal but do n't contribute much to the flavor . it is a little on the sweet side for me but not unpleasantly so.it 's a small cup but along with a glass of milk and a piece of fruit it makes a filling vegetarian breakfast or it would make a nice afternoon snack . it 's much more interesting than a bowl of plain old gummy oatmeal and of course the packaging is ideal to keep in an office desk or for college kids in a dorm . it microwaves easily and did n't boil over .
= deluxe instant oatmeal
< a little on the sweet side

> i love office supplies , especially labels . i used these to label totes of toys that i am rotating out of use for the time being . i also used some to print out little pictures of what is inside different toy cabinets to help my daughter put her toys away in the right order . it was fun for us to pick the photos and then put them on the cabinet doors . my daughter loves the bright colors for her play room , and i love the fact that they come off when she 's older ! the ink did n't run , and the label sheets were able to go through more than once without coming off and getting stuck in the printer .
= love these !
< fun for the photos

> these mailing labels are everything you would expect them to be - simple , straightforward , made out of good quality paper . they are intended to be used with laser printers , and come in especially handy if you have a large number of items to mail , as you can greatly streamline the process . i got these just in time for this year 's christmas season , and am looking forward to having them simplify my life in the upcoming week or so . however , you do n't need to use these labels with a printer . i used a few to hand-write an address , and they worked just fine .
= perfect for all your mailing needs
< good quality mailing labels

> i received my three-pack of scotch tape from the amazon vine program . we 've used scotch brand tape products for many years and this one is the same great quality . it goes on clear , stays stuck , and you can write on it easily.my only complaint is that the rolls are small , which is a waste of the plastic packaging and paper overwrap . i much prefer the bigger rolls , or better yet the refill rolls that go in my own tape dispenser.i probably wo n't buy this product again just because of the small rolls . but i will look for scotch tape in larger sizes .
= same great scotch tape , but rolls are very small
< great quality , but small rolls

> i want tara stevic to be my bff ! ! she 's a total badass and her writing style was the best . i have never laughed so hard reading as i did with the first two `` chocolate lover '' books . i ca n't wait to read more stories that have ms. stevics humor . there are so few books that fall under the comedy/romance genre , and the ones that do , are so lame i usually have to force myself to finish the book , but this series , i could relate to and could n't stop laughing . thanks for a great read ! ! !
= the funniest book i have ever read !
< i want tara stevic ! ! !

> an updated telling of the classic disney tale , with spectacular visual effects , and a truly evil stepmother who uses her magic to terrorized the princess snow white . this one is aimed purely at adults , with violent fight scenes and a villain who will do whatever is necessary to retain her beauty . this is a very well-told and visually stimulating film that successfully combines the necessary elements of the classic disney tale with contemporary sensibilities . the movie brings to the screen an action-packed story that will satisfy fans of the original fairy-tale snow white and also fans of modern cinema .
= nicely done film .
< a classic

> this book had me on edge the whole time not only was there a romance but suspense , murder , lies , cover ups , set up 's you name it ! a few juices scenes . i was feeling for libby when hunter kept pushing her away i was giving up for her ! so much going on ! .fabulous ending.quote : '' something about him make me want to bite . `` `` why did he leave the room without saying anything ? is he some kind of sex fiend ? a bedroom batman ? ''
= lots of action ! ! hot book !
< a great read !

> i rated waggin train jerky duos treats 4 stars . i have a few flavors of waggin train jerky treats and so far my small toy breed likes them . she is very picky and wanted to get her treats that were more natural without artificial fillers or corn or wheat.so far i have been ripping them in half and it takes her a few hours or even days to to finish one ( depending how she feels that day ) . overall , a good jerky treat .
= my dog likes them
< i love waggin train jerky treats

> i found these nuts to be a tad bland . the chocolate was not very flavorful and did nothing to enhance the experience . it seemed like two flavors that did not blend . these seemed a halfway measure of dipping in chocolate and eating the almonds straight . i would prefer either of those ways to these . i was left with the impression of diet food - not quite what you really want , but a poor substitution .
= nothing noteworthy
< not bad , but not great

> the writing is brisk and the scenes that unfold during the rise of the nazis are compelling . however , i had to ask myself midway through this work why i even cared about the people larson profiles . and , frankly , i learned upon finishing the work , that i did n't care ; they just are n't that interesting or carry that much historical heft to make this work memorable .
= who cares ?
< a bit too much of a interesting story

> wow ! ! ! ! ! that one word expresses everything . i have never had a straightener that warms up that fast and stays there . this is an amazing product . my daughters hair in very thick and curly and of course she hates it so when she used this it was as if magic had occured . we love it : )
= wow ! ! ! !
< love

> this product is useless . the opening is so small that even a baby mouse can not get it in , and they are calling it a mouse trap ? it might catch a larger insect or so , but so what ? one pieice i could not set as the knob would not go down and it broke . save your money .
= piece of crap
< useless

> this one is ok. for a `` premium '' gift set i actually expected something in a nicer package . this one is in the standard cheap cardboard box . it does come with some nice basic nurser items so its ok as part of a larger gift basket or something .
= nice little gift idea
< ok. for a `` premium '' gift

> well i am totally blown away over this book . i love this series . but i am in kinda shell shock over this one . no spoilers ... but damn . i laughed and i damn sure cried . ca n't wait till the next in the series .
= ahhh beck !
< omg

> oh travis ! ! i loved reading everything from his pov . this was an even more amazing love story getting to see both sides . i will now have to read them simultaniously ! ! thank you jamie mcguire for bringing abby and travis to us !
= one name ... travis maddox ! !
< i loved it ! !

> this cover fit perfectly on the kindle fire . it always takes a lot of concentration to apply these , the same with cell phone protectors . just peel and apply onto a clean screen in an area where there 's little dust . looks great .
= perfect fit
< great cover

> these are generally marketed as a man 's razor , but i love them for myself . the blades last so much longer than blades marked as for women . this is my second schick hydro razor , and i would certainly buy another .
= good for women , too
< great razor

> these are great to make `` signs '' for things like bedroom and such . the kids have fun without having to use a bunch of tape . it 's a great product to have around for school project as well . well done !
= fun and colorful
< great for bedroom

> this stuff lives up to the name -- the lotion feels and smells refreshing and revitalizing . none of that flowery stuff . it does n't feel greasy and it absorbs quickly , leaving a smooth finish . great !
= awesome scent , absorbs quickly
< great lotion

> i loved this book ! it will grab you from the very beginning and keep you glued until the last word . loved the characters and the writing . definitely recommend .
= great book
< loved it !

> book is good but not into submission . how could a female attorney be so weak ? will read the next book before being too critical .
= good
< good

> really awesome . nice story . ca n't wait for more . i really like to meet the brother jax . i recommend the book
= perfect
< awesome

> i really love this hot romantic series . it has enough heart melting scenes to turn you to mush . i loved it .
= wit meme series
< hot

> this is the story of 83-year-old `` eddie maintenance '' , his tragic death , and the events that follow right afterwards . before his death , which happens at the beginning of the story , you get a brief glimpse of his life and personality . after his death , eddie is taken to heaven where he meets five people . from each of these three people he learns what type of impact he had on their lives , and visa versa , and a lesson is learned to help him to more understand his life and find meaning `` in it all '' . in most of these lives , he finds he has had an impact more than he had imagined.this type of story can easily become preachy ... but i never thought that it had . while i did n't really find much insight ( there was a little ) from this story , i would imagine that there are people out there that could learn something of their own lives from this story . i can imagine why many people would feel touched reading a story such as this . however , to cover all the bases , more than five people would need to be met and then this book would become rather repetitive , long , boring , and preachy . five people was a good way to hit many of the bases and keep the story interesting.despite the search for some self-realization , this is actually an excellent story . i love character stories , and you find a fantastic character while exploring the life of eddie . he is easy to identify with and like . the depiction of heaven is imaginative and interesting.recommended , sure ! ! you might find things in here that i did n't , and plus , it is a great story .
= you could find something in here
< excellent story

> ender 's game was simply amazing . i had my doubts and put off reading this book for the longest time . hardcore science fiction is hit or miss for me , but from the very first chapter i knew ender 's game was going to be phenomenal.since ender is a genius , he speaks like an adult . i had to constantly remind myself he was only between the ages of 6 and 11 for the bulk of the book . the same went for all of the children , in a lesser degree . it was n't annoying . if anything , it made his situation seem more realistic always having to force myself to think of him as a child.books about aliens are usually more miss than hit for me , but ender 's game focused almost solely on humankind . ender and the other children 's time at battle school and commander school was made to feel realistic by showing a completion between them . ender always being one of the kids , but apart from them could be easily compared to a any everyday situation of the outcast kid at school . ender considering the adults to be against him or toying with him can also be translated into real life.while i saw many messages throughout the novel , none took over . the book never because a form of propaganda , which i thoroughly appreciated . more than anything else , this book was ender 's story . you rejoiced at his accomplishments and fretted over his well-being . by the end of the book , he was very real to me . he had become my friend and my hero . ender 's game is an extraordinary book .
= reading with tequila
< ender 's game

> is this novel a courtroom drama , a psychological study of a family , an introspective study of a man , or is it about truth and justice ? or all of the above ? it 's hard to tell in this rambling book which attempts to keep the reader in suspense and leaves much to the imagination.andy barber , the first assistant da in newton , ma , is thee man who faces the questions posed by the story and really does n't come to grips with the essential problems raised . his 14-year-old son is accused of murdering a fellow student and goes to trial for murder one . did he or did n't he ? andy , who initially ran the original investigation , does not believe his son is capable of doing the deed . the effect of the pressures of the trial on andy and his wife are weakly described . the courtroom drama is , to some extent , extremely well done , but , for the most part , drawn out to a great degree . and the snideness of the comments about andy 's replacement when he 's taken off the case and during the trial are too often petty.on the whole , the novel is an interesting presentation , but could have been edited severely , especially the front end which drags on slowly until the book picks up steam toward the middle . it is no spoiler to note that there is more than one surprise waiting for the reader at the end , some attention-grabbing , others a little far-fetched . that said , it is an off-beat novel that is recommended .
= guilty or innocent
< courtroom drama

> i 'll kick off this review by saying that i drink a lot of strange beverages , such as aloe with pulp , coconut water , coconut water with aloe pulp , kombucha , and drinks with chia seeds in them . so i 'm not freaked out by weird beverages.this particular beverage has a light , refreshing flavor and none of the thick or sappy texture that other aloe drinks sometimes have . it tastes a little bit like apples . however , there 's also a mildly unpleasant chemical undertone . i ca n't tell if that 's the stevia , which i know is a plant but always tastes a little off to me , or if it 's the fact that it 's in a plastic bottle . i would tend to suspect the stevia , although since the bottle does n't say anything about being bpa free or safe in some other way , i ca n't rule out the bottle itself.i like that this beverage only has 35 calories , although i would 've been perfectly happy to enjoy a less sweet version that did not have that weird stevia flavor . does everything need to taste sugary in order to be refreshing ? i do n't think so.before you buy a case of this stuff , make sure you try it first . it has a crisp , light , refreshing flavor , and if you like stevia , you 'll probably enjoy this beverage . however , of all the aloe beverages i have tried , this does n't rank in my top five , much as it is a reasonably pleasant drink .
= refreshing , crisp , but do n't like that stevia undertone to the flavor
< a little bit like a sweet drink

> this is a `` cute '' book . it is filled with platitudes and the author 's version of heaven and what he thinks is life wisdom.the book traces the main character 's death and path to heaven . what you can read between the lines is that eddie was a pretty unhappy and unlikeable guy in life ( presumably modelled after the uncle to whom the book was dedicated ) . the path to heaven according to mr. albom goes through five meetings with people who touched a person , eevn tangentially , during life . through these people , a person sees that every story is connected and there is redeeming value to every miserable happening on earth.the writing was decent but i just could not get past the point that this was one person 's opinion about life and heaven . regrettably , i did not find that opinion to be reasoned , challenging or intellectually stimulating . there was nothing to make the reader think that author was a great mind whose opinion on such a subject as the afterlife should be given any more credence than anyone else 's . much of what was passed as `` wisdom '' could have come out of a fortune cookie , a `` thought for a day '' calendar of from the guy next door.i actually found the flashbacks to eddie 's life the most interesting parts of the book . the heaven part did nothing for me except make me worry that i was getting too much saccharin for one day .
= platitudes and one man 's version of wisdom
< cute but not great

> django unchained is almost three hours long but it flew by . what a great movie ! full disclosure : i 'm a 57 year old baseball mom whose husband and two sons love quentin tarantino , but his movies always made me scratch my head , cover my eyes , and eventually just leave the room . not `` django unchained . '' i love westerns , i love jamie foxx , i love movies about justice and might for right , i hate racism and the abomination that was slavery ... this movie has all of that and much , much more.for women ( and men ) who might be afraid of the violence ... there is a lot , but i covered my eyes in a few places , and when blood spurts , it is often almost cartoonish , geyser gusher spurts of ketchup-red liquid like from a fountain , and sometimes when people get shot , they get jerked up and back , almost like a peter pan type harness is on them . it 's not pretty , but it is campy , not realism like in `` saving private ryan . '' the worst violence in the movie is the most realistic kind : when slaves are beaten and abused , that is hard to watch . as it should be.recommendation : oh absolutely , two very enthusiastic -- and very surprised ! -- thumbs up here . bravo , bravo !
= i love movies about djustice ( the d is silent ) .
< django unchained

> this is an excellent continuation of the indiana jones series . stevenspeilberg has made another excellent movie . indiana jones has gotten greyer since his last indiana jones movie.this movie starts out with a base is new mexico being taken over by russians . you are introduced to the personna of evil dr. irina spalko played by cate blanchette . she are her kgb goons are on the base after a box that is stored there . indiana jones has been taken hostage by the russians to help find the box that the kgb is looking for . after a running gun battle and a atomic blast jones escapes . he is then located bya young man who has been sent by his mother . his mother turns out to be marion ravenwood played by karen allen . jones and the young man take a trip to south america where they start finding clues . they are kidnapped by the russians and taken deeper into south america . they are searching for a `` city of gold '' . there are many chase scenes that add to the excitement level of the movie . when they finally find the location there are some surprises . the ending of the movie is spectacular . be sure to go and see this movie . it is definitely a winner .
= four winners in a row !
< excellent continuation of the indiana jones series

> pu'erh is one of those polarizing tastes - you either love it or hate it . it has a very earthy or mushroomy taste ( those who do n't like it often says it tastes like `` dirt '' ) due to the fact that the tea is fermented.this is an interesting twist on the traditional pu-erh tea with the addition of ginger . to me , it has a nice pu'erh flavor . somewhat weak compared with loose pu'erh tea ( but that 's the case with pretty much any bagged tea versus loose tea ) . the ginger , however , seems to be an afterthought , with very little - if any - ginger taste coming through.that was a disappointment since i 'm a huge fan of ginger tea , and was looking forward to the combination of pu'erh and ginger . the flavors work very well together : i added in some ground ginger than i usually add to black teas , and it was quite good.i 'll give this 4 stars since , for a bagged tea , the pu'erh flavor is decent . but , if you 're expecting to really have the ginger taste come through , you 'll need to supplement the tea with your own ginger .
= interesting twist on pu'erh tea but need to dial up the ginger
< tastes pu'erh

> ben affleck 's latest bit of oscar bait effectively balls up the tension , drama and political tripwires of the iranian hostage crisis without feeling overly dense or inapproachable . an impressive , authentic collection of '70s wardrobe and scenery is partially to thank , with bad hair and cigarette smoke billowing about freely , and goes a long ways toward immersing its audience in the era . the abundance of distinct , colorful characters and speedy editing , though , are what i found most appreciable . at times it almost feels like one long montage , with a short attention span and lots of quick cuts , but a nose for pertinent info and several key performances from its cast add enough substance to flesh things out nicely . although affleck 's grim , game-faced leading character is often subdued to a fault , his hollywood contacts ( alan arkin and john goodman ) , washington supervisor ( bryan cranston ) and scared-stiff american refugees make up for those inadequacies with vigor . alternatingly funny , adventurous , powerful and intense , it 's a melting pot of emotion with a hectic , exhilarating third act .
= one of the year 's best - and most digestible - thrillers
< a funny , adventurous , powerful collection of '70s

> this does n't taste bad , but it does n't taste like tea , either . this tastes like kool-aid , the sugar free kind . the immediate smell when i first opened the package brought me back to sitting on the counter as a kid while my filled that huge green pitcher , right before we dumped that magical powder turning water into the sweet taste of my childhood.it may very well be sweetened with honey , but it still has a very slight saccharine taste . an odd thing about this drink mix is the variation in flavor depending on how much water you add to the mix . you have to go pretty light on the water if you want it to taste at all like tea , but that makes the saccharine taste a little too strong . heavier on the water makes it taste like kool-aid . that 's fine with me , because i like kool-aid . this may , however , be an expensive way to go about a glass .
= ca n't find the tea
< tastes like kool-aid

> scott smith 's latest novel , `` the ruins '' is a savage tale of a mexican tourist excursion gone horribly bad . on the surface it is a very simple , straightforward tale that does n't really get started till page 40 or so but once the tale is set in motion the novel achieves a tremendous forward momentum and readers will be hard pressed to put this book down ( save for the occassional moment to catch ones breath ) until the very end.beneath the clear-cut storyline though , a richly layered psychological narrative takes place . the story is told through first-person perspective jumping through the viewpoints of 4 key characters - readers are given a very in-depth probe on how 4 unique personalities react when faced with an endless series of horrors and agonies . ultimately it is the richness of these shifting , probing perspectives that add high value to what is already an engrossing and straightforward horror-thriller .
= brutal , gruesome , savage & loads of fun
< a very simple , layered psychological narrative

> i don ? t like fantasy . however , i ? m a big movie buff . this trilogy has been a big box office success . and people whose opinion i trust have recommended that i see it.well , the day finally came . and as i put this 3-hour epic into my dvd i was prepared to have an open mind.yes , there were good special effects . and yes , the actors seemed adequate . but i hated the story . and , if it was supposed to be symbolic , it got lost on me.i just can ? t relate to fantasy creatures . i don ? t care about their problems . all i could do was look at the clock . well , i lasted for 113 minutes . and i hated every one of those minutes.this is not a film for me . and i can ? t recommend it .
= i ca n't relate to fantasty creatures . well done but boring .
< i hated the story , but i hated the story .

> like but not love . i 'm wary of novellas , i do n't like them but after reading the reviews i thought i would try it . i liked the story and strangely the cheating did n't bother me as it always does . i liked the characters , book 2 is a bit of a miss for me , i did n't like the dreams it felt like the author was filling out the story . i would 've liked robert to sweep kasie off her feet instead of suddenly going all psychotic controlling on her , it 's not attractive . the cool , calm , seductive and powerful is more alluring than control freak ! i have pre-ordered the next short story but if that disappoints me , i wo n't read further plus i 'd rather a full novel to the ongoing cost of snippets .
= um ... i liked it .
< not love

> i really enjoyed this drink . i find it comparable to an iced cappuccino from tim horton 's or a frappuccino from starbucks . i love iced coffees and i 'm not always impressed by some of the lesser known brands but this is delicious . i do n't like spending a lot of money to get them from the places that i 've mentioned so we make them at home from scratch quite often but this drink will now give me another option . this drink is good and ready to go without having to make an iced cappuccino from scratch in our frappe maker.if you 're a fan of cold cappuccino 's then i 'd highly recommend you to try this flavorful drink . i 'm sure you 'll love it just as much as i do .
= yummy ! comparable to tim horton 's or starbucks ...
< great drink !

> okay , first a disclaimer ... i enjoy authentic , fresh ground ginger root tea with a spot of honey and lemon on a fairly regular basis so perhaps i 'm a bit harder critic than average.my hope was to find something that was easy to take along when traveling or during those times when i do n't feel like going through the entire process of grinding fresh ginger etc ... so , to that extent this is a satisfactory alternative . on the other hand , i would n't give up fresh for this alone ... that probably goes without saying . so , bottom line is if you are short on time , travel or just want a decent cup of ginger tea , this is a nice alternative to the real deal .
= a nice alternative to the real deal
< not bad , but not great

> these labels are great address labels . they feed easily into the printer and stick very easily to envelopes . this is a great product if you are doing mass mailings . the labels are a nice size , but not huge . they work better for smaller envelopes instead of the large manila envelopes . they are small enough that they can be used for return addresses on bigger envelopes . 750 labels is a lot for normal uses but if you have a large numbers of labels to print , this is a great value . the only thing that you may want to double check is that you have a laser printer because these are n't designed for inkjet printers . overall , this is a great product from 3m .
= a great product ... pay attention to the label
< great labels

> this is the best movies i 've seen in years ! quite literally , it fed my soul with all these wondrous adventures , wonderful characters , great art and graphics , few but amazing alien races . this movie is literally one of the most incredible movies i 've seen in my entire life . i love john carter ! if i could i 'd give it a million stars ! it 's a masterpiece . it has it all and the plot has no flaws . i just love it , adore it ! i am looking forward for the next chapters and my next purchase could be the set of john carter 's books !
= waiting for the next chapter !
< the best movies i 've seen in years !

> despite its numerous problems , i found this book to be an entertaining and enjoyable read . in 1946 , the writer juliet ashton begins a correspondence with the quirky inhabitants of guernsey island . as the letters progress the various characters relate their stories of life under nazi occupation and the founding of the eponymous literary society.this seems tailor-made for a screenplay ( which in all honesty will probably be better than the book ) . sure ; the characters are shallow stereotypes , they all have the same voice , suspension of disbelief is pushed past the breaking point , and the plot is painfully predictable - but it is fiction for goodness sake .
= will make a great movie
< entertaining and enjoyable

> i bought this book at the request of my teen age grandson . he is really `` into '' the twilight saga series . his mother teaches 5th grade so i knew , based on her approval , that it was ok for him . when i called that the book had arrived , he could n't wait to come after it and get started . this speaks volumes because he 's into all sorts of athletics , school activities etc so if a book is interesting and exciting enough for him to stop his other activities to read , it must be good .
= a popular young adult book
< a good read

> and this is supposed to be good for you ! the only trouble with these cereal bars is that i 'm tempted to eat too many of them because they are so tasty . they 've got raisins , they 've got cinnamon - they 've even got a little zigzag of icing on top , for heaven 's sake ! they 've also got protein and other good stuff under the hood , so it 's a win-win situation . they are handy for me to stash in the car for trips or in my school bag for long teaching days .
= granola bar meets cinnamon danish
< tasty !

> lipton 's herbal pyramid tea is a quality product . it is made with real pieces of hibiscus and blackberry , giving it an authentic flavor . it is also caffeine free , making it a good tea to drink before bed . the tea is also calorie free , making it a good choice for those trying to lose weight . the tea is somewhat strong , so do not let it steep for too long . the diamond shaped tea bags are unique and allows more room for fruit and herbs to infuse .
= sweet and tangy herbal tea
< quality product

> i find myself using this type of cable less and most cables are usb b-b , micro and mini 's now . the only products i have that use this anymore is an older scanner and older external hard drives . as it happens i still use my old scanner and the cable was never long enough so i subbed this cable in and it works great.the cable is high quality and both ends are tight . anyway , works good . a good replacement a-b cable if you need one .
= excellent !
< works good

> wow . i love this series and was n't sure at first about hop and lanie 's story but i was pleasantly surprised . i actually loved their story . hop helped lanie work through what she needed so they could move forward but not without the drama needed to get there . i ca n't wait for the next book in this series . the characters are so enjoyable and the storyline always extremely interesting . filled with lots of hot and sexy ! !
= fantastic ! ! !
< loved it ! !

> i kept wanting to try this cereal with milk , but the fact is i like it too much right out of the bag ! the packages are a decent amount , and it 's extremely convenient . in fact , i 'm planning to put a couple of these in the truck for emergency rations . i thought the cereal was good from the beginning , but it 's managed to grow on me even more with each package . most highly recommended !
= it grows on me more with every pack .
< very convenient !

> this is so nice and so heavy that you sort of feel like you could throw your phone and it would still end up ok. not that i would recommend doing that , but you just get the feeling that this case would protect it . it fits my phone perfectly and looks sleek and expensive . the packaging was nice too ! it would make a great gift for someone who is hard on their phone , because it truly offers amazing protection .
= awesome !
< nice protection

> i doubt i would watch this film more than once , but it 's one of the best acted films i 've seen . the cuts between scenes are rough and did n't play well at all on my macintosh . at points , i had to use the menu and just play scene-by-scene . the documentary portion of the set is very interesting , but i do not believe that any of the deleted scenes would have made a better film .
= it 's very real
< one of the best acted films i 've seen

> it 's an all right movie . even though it 's futuristic and i love futuristic stuff , this is much like district 9 just without aliens . it 's nothing special i was struggling between giving it 2 stars and 3 , but the ending was quite good . i will not watch the movie again , it 's just not worth it . by the way i did n't like actors , even though the acting was n't bad .
= average , but nothing special
< not worth it

> people bashed it cause it was a big budget film and the focus of the previews and reviews were on the special effects , however this is one of the best sci-fi movies ever made , filled with hidden messages and real implications for our future . if you refuse to see it because it was a highly publicized blockbuster , than you are an idiot !
= the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ]
< one of the best sci-fi movies ever made !

> i think that this was so good to see what was chase 's point of view was.it made me see a lot different from just her point of view.i understood a lot of things better.i felt sorry for him more to.still broke my heart at the end even though i knew how it was going to end.great book and i really enjoyed it .
= great
< loved it

> i tried the pen and loved it . i really do n't like getting my ipad and kindle fire covered with finger prints so a pen is great for me . i also find it helps me write better . i really enjoyed writing with it . i hope i do n't lose it . i might get another one .
= really enjoy the pen
< great pen

> i do n't know what we liked more , the flavor or how cute the bags are . first the flavor was just right although we did n't really taste the vanilla as suggested in the name but we really like the flavor . it is fruity enough to accommodate our taste buds .
= cutest little bags
< cute

> the best one yet ! so much going on in this book it keeps you on your toes . it 's packed full of action suspense mystery and lots of romance ! jett is just so yummy . great read !
= just perfect !
< the best one yet !

> writer , alan ball 's ( of six feet under fame ) first theatrical script blurs those stereotypical slow death in suburbia lines and keeps the viewer off balance throughout the entirety of the film.this film , is , above all , a deeply moving drama . the suburbanite , highly dysfunctional , burnham family is sad , enchanting , sickening , wonderful , confusing , tragic , abhorrent , and every other adjective listed in websters . that is precisely what makes this film a true `` one-of-a-kind '' .mr . lester burnham ( kevin spacey ) is daily pitted against his icy , cheating , manic , depressed , totally materialistic realtor of a psudo-wife , carolyn ( annette beining ) and his quite sullen , self-absorbed , ambivolent , teenaged daughter , jane ( thora birch ) .however , into lester & jane 's lives come two very achingly beautiful & wonderful human beings . jane 's fellow cheerleader confidant angela hayes-note the nabokov/lolita reference in the last name- ( mena suvari ) who has a penchant for older men and a huge crush on jane 's daddy , jolts lester into a sexual epiphany that makes lester 's life worth living again . he daily fantasizes about the young , sexy angela . she makes him feel like a bumbling , pimplefaced teenager on his first date and all of these meetings between the two really blooms into kind of a second adolescence for the harried lester . an eerily calm , young next door neighbor , ricky fitts ( wes bentley ) and his lifelong marine corps father , col. frank fitts , usmc ( chris cooper ) add much drama.the whole cast turns out top-notch performances and the score , cinematography & direction are utterly `` dreamlike '' .highly recommended ! happy watching !
= the best film i have seen in over 5 years !
< `` the best ''

> i purchased this to go along with my new 8.9 inch fire hd ( and i 'm counting the days until it arrives ) , but it also works with the original fire . i found the major benefit for the original fire to be the better form factor -- unlike the `` wart '' shape of the original fire charger , this is much more sleek , with folding plugs to make it very easy to carry in a case . very simple , clean design.the downside to using it with the original fire is that you need to provide your own cable from the charger to the fire , as the charger does not include it.the charge time is only slightly faster for the original fire . using the app battery hd to measure charge time and level , the new charger saved about 15 minutes to go from a 15 % charge to a 100 % charge versus the original charger . faster , but not a huge gain . i expect that the differential in terms of charge time for the new fire ( especially the 8.9 inch one ) will be much greater when comparing this charger with using a usb port to charge . i 'll post results once i have my 8.9 inch fire.while it 's not a compelling purchase if you have the original fire , it is worth getting ( at 50 % off ) if ordered with a new hd fire , especially if you can also get the mp3 credit . i 'm giving it 5-stars since , at the price paid , it 's very handy to have as a spare charger , and it 's much easier to take along than the original fire charger .
= slightly faster charger for the original fire ; much better form factor
< works with the original fire charger

> i have tried many sleep aids and settled onnatural factors stress-relax tranquil sleep chewable tablets , 60-countandnatural factors stress-relax tranquil sleep enteric softgels , 90-countas working really well for me . when offereddream water snoozeberry sleep aid , 4 countin the amazin ' amazon vine program , i was excited to give it a try as it appealed to me that it was a liquid sweetened with stevia so as to not leave cavity-causing sweeteners on my teeth and such . however , the wierd thing about stevia is that i grow it as a plant and when i eat the leaves straight from the plant or make my own liquid stevia , it tastes great with no bitter strange aftertaste unlike the commerical stevia products and unlike the stevia in this dream water . it gives the horrible aftertaste . the dream water costs more than 4 times my chewable tranquil sleep nightly dose and almost 5 times my tranquil sleep softgels . so for me i would prefer the product i like better ( tranquil sleep ) especially with the cost savings.btw , there is some medical disagreements about whether gaba crosses the blood brain barrier in healthy brained humans . ie some medical experts say that if gaba does make you sleepy then that is indicative of you having a blood brain barrier deficit problem . however , the melatonin and 5-htp are good sleep aids and have other health benefits as well.thank you amazin ' amazon vine program and dream water for the wonderful opportunity to try this unique inventive sleep aid .
= better tasting and better priced natural sleep aids out there
< great sleep aid

> hey , lighten up , oh puckered product reviewers who ca n't seem to blast this flick enough . can we all agree the very premise of this movie -- along with all the wacky , physics-defying pseudo-science -- requires a suspension of disbelief the size of , say , the milky way galaxy ? ca n't we all just get along ? armageddon is n't a scientific treatise on how to successfully stop an asteroid the size of texas from destroying the earth ; it 's a white-knuckled , strap-it-on and strap-it-up , grit your teeth and enjoy the ride roller coaster . this movie delivers nonstop action like a law firm cranking out past-due statements ; armageddon 's got it all , from a slingshot lunar ride , to thrills and chills with a nuclear weapon , to even one spaced-out russian cosmonaut.all viewers please check quantum physics at the door.bruce willis , a cantankerous leader of a bunch of renegade roughnecks ( roughnecks who must fly to the asteroid and drill through 800 feet of solid metal and drop a nuke in the hole , mind you ) , is solid . ben affleck reminded me of a whiny , annoying teenager ; liv tyler had me more solid than the meteor itself . billy bob thornton . . .yeah , okay . the rest of the cast works well together -- they look like they had fun making this movie . which is only fitting : i dang sure had fun watching it. -- d . mikels , author , walk-on
= let 's go for a ride . . .
< armageddon is a armageddon

> i 've never really been a big fan of the willy wonka story , finding the original nothing more than an overblown musical misfire . however , tim burton and johnny depp give so much life and `` weirdness '' to the roald dahl classic that i found myself hopelessly involved in this morality tale of greed and excess . although depp is reminiscent of michael jackson with his pasty white face and effeminate demeanor , he infuses willy with a dark side , which the screenwriters explain by showing us his repressed childhood ( with a nice turn from christopher lee as his dentist father ) . add the gorgeous set pieces , the absurdly entertaining musical numbers by deep roy as the oompa loompas and depp 's delightfully warped performance , and you have one strange and enjoyable movie . the child actors are wonderful , especially freddie highmore as the titular charlie and winn dixie 's annasophia robb as the bubble gum chewing violet . david kelly as grandpa and helena bonham carter and noah taylor as charlie 's parents are great too . the musical score by burton stalwart danny elfman is delightful ; elfman even does the singing for the oompa loompa songs with lyrics by the book 's author , dahl . with no slant on gene wilder 's original willy , i found this movie much more enjoyable and visually stunning .
= the candy man can
< a classic

> i knew that this read was going to take me on a magnificent journey , when i was sobbing over a spider in chapter one . this was a powerful , emotional , thought provoking story that made me examine my feelings on physical and spiritual beauty . fern is a precious gem that exudes beauty in its rarest form . she loved ambrose in the purest way , and it was so precious . ambrose is beauty personified , his loyalty , and gentle strength made him a mountain among men . bailey well bailey is zeus on mt olympus , guiding all his loyal subject with a strength and wisdom far beyond his years ; not only did he leave an indelible mark on the lives of hannah lake , he definitely did on mine as well.this story captured my heart in ways i ca n't even express , and like amy 's previous works ( running barefoot and a different blue ) will stay with me forever . her gift is immense and beautiful in it 's own right . her characters are rich and soulful ; they leap off the page and into your heart . i just loved it on every level and all her work is something that every avid reader should experience . thank you amy .
= amy 's writing opens up your heart and stirs your soul .
< a must read !

> the only other training pants we 've used are the huggies brand . these were pretty comparable.a few notable things : -they are a tiny bit bigger than huggies for the same size . i 've noticed my son kind of grabbing the center when i put them on , like he 's trying to flatten it out a bit . so , in the crouch area , they are bigger ( or more stiff ) than huggies . it 's not something that seems to overly bother him , though.-as mentioned above , they are a bit more stiff than huggies , but still pretty comparable . it 's not a huge difference.-my son is a very light wetter , so i honestly could n't tell you if they hold large amounts of pee . when he `` poos '' in the training pants , it does get on his legs more so than with a diaper , but it does with the huggies brand , too.overall , we 'll get whatever is cheapest at the time . we did n't love them enough to pay more , but i have to say the same thing about the huggies . we like them fine .
= training pants
< huggies are better than huggies

> if you read all the reviews listed here you are going to find that there are no instructions on how to use this product . what a poor idea on the part of the manufacturer . give me a break ! to not tell customers the proper way to use your product to achieve the best results is stupid . various of these reviews list all the ways that those of us participating in the amazon vine program , have experimented in how to use this product . we should not have to guess at all but we did have to.i for one , will give this product one more try after reading some of the comments listed here ... for example using it after a shampoo and towel fry , very scantily and see if i get a better result . after my shower today i 've been walking around like a `` greasehead '' . simply can not wash it out of my hair . i hate it !
= there are no directions with this product !
< not bad , but not a good product

> a snack cracker and cheese sandwich if you will . individually wrapped in a quality , easy to open wrapper.first , the cracker part : whole grain flavor . substantial and cruchy . more filling and of better quality than the $ 0.30 gas station snack cracker packs i 'm used to.now the cheese part : the cheese ( sharp cheddar ) flavor does not come through as boldly as i would prefer . also , the consistency was akin to creamy peanut butter . i would prefer something a little more like actual cheddar cheese ? but i like these . they taste good with an appeal to adult tastes , are filling for what they are , and i remotely feel like i 'm eating something that might be good for me ( not sure that it 's true , but the label does pitch the `` fiber '' benefit ) .a leader in the snack cracker herd .
= very good snack
< good quality , easy to open , but filling

> my 9 year old rescue dog can eat very few types of dog food . and then of the types she can eat that do n't cause a case of colon-blow , she only likes a few..even the crazy expensive , vet-recommended brands and organic brands , etc . beneful is the one food that seems to be perfect , her sweet spot for no digestive issues . she does n't stink me out of the house . she is regular and not that poo is ever not gross , but at least i an pick it up at the park without an issue.she likes every flavor and the pieces are small enough that my smaller dog ( 1.5 lbs ) has no problem with them.love beneful ... every flavor.this amazon price is currently about $ 4 cheaper than my local grocery store which is more expensive per pound but smaller bags than costco . i like the smaller bags .
= go to for my sensitive stomach mutt
< my dog loves it !

> it may look like paris of the 1890s , with can-can dancers , bohemian denizens like artist toulouse-lautrec ( john leguizamo ) , and bawdy diversions around every corner and on sidestreet , but in fact it 's a fever dream from baz luhrmann 's fantastical , over-heated brain.nicole kidman is electric . she sizzles in lurhmann 's dazzling , sometimes frustrating movie musical that attempts to jump-start a 21st century version of a story set in the infamous parisian night club.boundaries are shattered and time warps in the fast cutting frenzy that blends music and even technologies from different eras . `` moulin rouge '' is kaleidoscopic , absinthe-inspired orgy of extraordinary sets , dazzling costumes , snippets of amazing tunes and incredible digital wizardry all finessed into what lingers as an ephemeral memory of a lucid dream that brushes up against the promise of ecstasy .
= a lucid dream 's ephemeral promise of ectasy
< the , absinthe-inspired , and , and , and , and

> my husband is a huge fan of starbuck 's coffee , but i 've always been more of a frappachino or latte person ... i 've always found the starbuck 's coffee to be a bit on the bitter edge . not this one ! it still has that strong starbuck 's flavor , but the vanilla really goes well with it ... i 've been finding myself sneaking off to the kitchen to grab a second cup ! i 'm not a fan of the vanilla flavors , but this one is quite nice , actually ! if you are like me and you like a strong cup of coffee without a bitter edge , i highly recommend this one ! my only wish is that it was n't already ground ... a whole bean version would be awesome !
= great vanilla flavor , nice strong coffee without a bitter edge !
< great flavor !

> now that i 've gotten your attention i 'll borrow a yiddish word , `` shmaltz '' , meaning excessive sentimentality , which accurately describes what this book really is . and , not surprisingly , i loved it . and to borrow another yiddish word , what `` shmuck '' ( jerk ) would n't . i wo n't go into detail , as just about every other reviewer has , except to say this book is a fanciful story of what might occur in the afterlife . and unless your body is made of concrete , and your blood of vinegar , mr. albom 's `` the five people ... . '' will bring tears to your eyes , and hope to your heart . go ahead , spend a couple bucks , it 's better than therapy .
= pure and unadulterated shmaltz .
< i loved it .

> spider-man 2 was a superb sequel . a nice recap during opening credits , excellent writing , acting , cinematography , directing , special-effects , and on and on and on . if you like suspense , romance , laughter , tears and excitement , this is your movie . i can not wait until the dvd comes out ! for those who squawk about there `` not being 'enough ' action '' must have the attention span of 2-year olds . grow up ( or go see the cheesier flicks like `` the matrix '' ) - oh , ah - what a bore . i guess you need to have an i.q . higher than your shoe size to understand , and enjoy , spider-man 2. go spidey !
= spider-man 2
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i requested these because i use and re-use cassette tapes when i record interviews , and need to keep relabeling them . i was able to cut these labels in half horizontally and use them as labels for my cassettes . for this purpose , they work just fine.like most removable labels ( post-its ) , these are meant to be temporary -- they wo n't adhere for long , especially in extreme temperatures.i like that they have tabs , and that they 're on a pad that i wo n't lose . what i would have liked even more is if they had come in varying sizes , and if the adhesive stuck on a more lasting basis without sacrificing that it 's removable .
= a useful removable label
< works just as advertised

> a great movie . how long would it take you to realize that a zombie invasion was taking place in your community/life ? i think we all walk around in this same haze throughout our lives . but social commentary aside , `` shaun of the dead '' rivals all of the other zombie flicks out there . it truly stands alone as a satire/horror movie . when it needs to be funny , it delivers . when it needs to be gruesome , it also delivers . one of the few horror films that takes the time to develop the characters in the film .
= i want to go to the windsor
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> this product is fantastic ! i 've tried a variety of methods of keep the deer and rabbits from eating everything in my yard with various and inconsistent results . however , after using this product , nothing in my yard has been nibbled by the wildlife , and the bonus is that it claims to be organic and it smells like pretty mild . it seemed to last about a week the first time before needing to be re-applied , and then after a rain shower , i re-applied ... so far ... .and the motorized sprayer is a great addition !
= great product ! no more sore trigger finger
< fantastic !

> i loved this book , although it took me months to finish , and love the author . it read like a novel , and was a page turner most of the book . it took me so long because i read non-fiction along with other fiction , and found i liked to savor this book so i only read it in little chunks . this was well written , well researched and very entertaining . i do not usually even read non-fiction about war history , but this one was so personal and gripping i could not deny loving it .
= amazing non-fiction
< a great read

> i have found better graham crackers but these are quite good and we buy them frequently . i like the new packaging since each individual package contains just enough for one time . with the old packaging , there would almost always be a few crackers left over and no way to seal them so they would start to go stale.if you have never tried honey maid graham crackers , they are worth trying and be sure to dunk them in milk , coffee or tea as they are great that way .
= good graham crackers in better packaging .
< good graham crackers

> unsuccessfully evil scientist , cute little girls , grinchian change of heart . did i miss anything ? oh , the evil arch-nemesis and business competitor with a twenty-to-one ratio of ego to rational reason for it.good kids ' movies keep the young ones entertained , but still offer a some wit for the grownups who shell out for them . then there 's this kind . i 'm glad i did n't pay monmey to see it - and glad that i had a book to read. -- wiredweird
= missable
< good movie

> i have an antiglare screen protector on my netbook , so i thought i would try it on the kindle . unfortunately , i do n't think that this protector is good for anyone like me with less than perfect vision . the resolution appears less crisp and the frosted nature of the protector makes me strain to read & see.i like the idea of a screen protector - just not one made this way for this device . i think you can safely pass .
= not the best
< good for anyone

> i love original graham crackers and was excited to try these new apple cinnamon oat grahams . these are a little healthier than regular graham crackers and are made out of oats and grains to be a little more natural . the taste of these is great . it has just the right amout of apple and cinnamon flavor and isnt too overpowering with the taste . a great snack for both kids and adults i really love these .
= great taste .
< great taste and taste

> wounded was not a nice feel-good story , it was a sad and heart-wrenching story set against the background of the iraqi conflicts . i loved the character development for the two main protagonists , and i really sympathized with their struggles . i found the ending chapters to be a bit rushed towards a fast , pat conclusion , but that did n't take away from my overall enjoyment of the story .
= wounded - a great read
< sad and heart-wrenching

> i have never cried or had so many emotions from a book . this book was/is wonderful . i could n't put it down . the love between conner and ellery was amazing . it is funny because i went thru something like this and it was n't easy on my boyfriend or i and all i can say is love is really out the and there is a forever .
= wow
< wow

> throw away those messy glue sticks that dry up after a few months . this is a handy little dispenser of adhesive that works much better . just click the button and press and a thin strip of adhesive rolls out . it sticks surprisingly well . this is very similar to the other 3m product where dispenser released white out tape .
= better than a glue stick
< works great

> no one in our household liked these , of course it was only the 3 dogs that sampled them ! our neighbor 's boxer mix loved them , and our maltese did snap up the bits that fell from his chomping . the wee ones had no interest in the treats when they were whole , however .
= only one pup liked them
< the 3 dogs love them

> i could not put this book down ! ! such a beautiful story about two young people falling in love while everything around them is falling apart . i laughed . i cried . you ca n't help but become attached to will and lake . i ca n't wait to read the sequel ! !
= loved it ! !
< wow ! !

> i loved this book as much as i did the first one , surrender . i can not wait for the third book , hopefully someone will finally get their act together and get back together . i thought ari had enough love for the both of them . i guess not ! !
= loved it
< loved it ! !

> this book is well written with great characters and plot . that i easily fell in love with . when i started reading this book this morning i could not put it down . it is that good . ca n't wait to read more from this characters . great ending .
= i love this series
< great book

> this movie was awesome i love the special effects the story line the music and the acting , this has to be one of leonardo decaprio 's best performance since titanic . this movie was gtreat .
= mind blowing from start to finish
< awesome movie

> nothing beats the first book of this series but this was sexy and enjoyable.just did n't grab me like the first book down london road . 4 solid stars
= entertaining but nothing beats the first book
< sexy

> normally i would have to use a label maker or tape a note onto something . these nifty removeable labels really did the trick
= came in very handy
< great labels

> if you are looking for a source of caffeine that has no added ingredients , this one will fill the bill . it tastes ... just like water . a bit pricy in my book , but it is what it claims it is.but my key question was , what does it mean that it has natural caffeine ? and is there a difference ? in one sense , the two are structurally identical . however , since synthetic caffeine is purer , it is absorbed faster and gives a faster `` jolt . '' but it also , in the pure form allows a faster letdown.normally , you get natural caffeine when drinking coffee or tea , or consume many other forms of caffeinated products , including my personal favorite , chocolate.so where does the natural caffeine in water come from ? actually , according to their web site , it comes mainly from coffee beans . companies that sell decafeinated coffee or tea have to process it to remove the caffeine . the caffeine that is extracted is sold to companies who want to add caffeine to their products . this includes soda companies who gain a majority of their caffeine from this process.so the caffeine you are drinking here is taken out of the same beans you use to make your morning coffee . if you would like to skip the middleman , and enjoy the taste of coffee , you can just brew a fresh cup , even have an iced cup.i have given this five stars because it is exactly what it says it is , and because it tasted exactly like water to me . it also comes in a recyclable bottle with no bpa . would i buy it ? probably not at the current price point . i 'll stick with other sources of caffeine that come in a washable mug , no recycling needed . : - )
= tastes just like water - but what is natural caffeine ?
< it 's water to me

> was fortunate enough to see this in asia in a reclining seat ... this movie was a lot of fun . the actors acquitted themselves wonderfully , although natalie portman 's part could have been played by most anybody . the lead was charismatic and humorous as the brash thor , who has a lot to learn about being the next king of asgard . hopkins is inimitable and fierce as odin , and loki is well-cast and well-played , the brooding competitor to the throne.ultimately it is a story about fathers and sons , and the tragic ways in which we may choose to gain their approval , which makes for some surprises . although most of the plot is telegraphed , it is nevertheless touching , and you will find yourself rooting for reconciliation . it is a joy to behold the script , the acting , and the sfx . asgard is a sight to see , and the clash between the mortal thor and his new habitation in new mexico makes for some great gags . `` i like this drink . bring me another ! '' and his brief quest for a steed are sure to bring some chuckles.the frost giants are so-so as far as fx , but there are plenty of thundering scenes , with or without mjolnir . you will see the four friends face off with the destroyer and a pretty multicultural asgard , among other things . the setting is not quite as epic as expected , being set in a smallish town , but of course the stakes are high nevertheless.doyle 's score is suitably rousing and grand , although the main theme - that is , the sequence of primary notes of the theme - is unremarkable , at least on first hearing , unlike his memorable `` henry v. '' watch for the short blurb after the credits .
= great thun !
< a fun movie

> compelling . gripping . riveting . all those cliche adjectives that get plastered on book jackets actually apply to this absolutely terrific book.it is the saga that follows amir , an afghani , starting in his teens years in afghanistan , through his years in the us after fleeing from the russian occupation and then his return when the taliban are in power.that is merely the setting , however , that gives the book a unique flavor . this is not just an afghani historical novel . it is a compelling story of amir 's relationships with his best friend/servant , his father and those around them . the first person narrative delves deeply into those relationships and his own inner feelings , fears and insecurities . eventually he overcomes a crisis of guilt , but not without much internal and external struggle.it is difficult to describe this book without making it sound like a psycho-drama . i do not want to give the plot lines away . it is far from that . there are some brutal scenes and brutally honest scenes . the author gives the reader the essence of afghanistan in the seventies before decades of war , the flavor of the afghani refugee community in the us and lastly , afghanistan under the taliban . but the heart of the book is the narrator 's personal struggles.i believe the kite runner will last as a classic for years and years . the writing is terrific , the story gripping , compelling , riveting ( and all those other jacket cover adjectives ) . i can not recommend this book highly enough.this is by far the best afghan book out since afghanistan became a popular subject . it is far superior to winter in kandahar and bookseller in kabul.since reading it i have recommended this to several very diverse people . every one has loved it .
= a great book
< compelling , compelling , riveting

> i just got back from seeing signs , and i 'm still sorting it all through my head as i type this . mel gibson plays a pastor who has lost his faith due to the violent death of his wife . joaquin phoenix plays his brother ; an washed up minor league baseball player who lives with gibson and his two children . as soon as the movie opens the family finds a rather large crop circle design in their farm field ( which is in bucks county , pennsylvania which is a little under an hour from where i live ) , and later on they 're dog behaves rather violently . this phenomina starts to happen all over the world , and our answer of whether or not we are alone in the universe is finally answered . gibson and phoenix are good in their respective roles , as are the children , and the movie is fantasticly shot . director m. night shyamalan knows how to direct with a lot of suspense , and it all pays off big , not to mention there are some parts of the film that are really funny and you 'll find yourself laughing out loud right before you jump in suspense . the ending however i thought was a letdown . the same old story of keeping faith in god was a turn off for me , not to mention if your not quick enough to sort every detail through by the time the credits start rolling you 'll be left behind in the dust and wonder `` what the ... '' . however , signs manages to deliver the goods for the most part , and is a clear showcase for a very talented writer and director who is clearly in his element .
= what do these signs point to ?
< a good movie , but ...

> i wanted the promised clean kill action that this trap offered because of the things that traditional traps do . i also wanted something different because the old traps make me feel bad . when i see a mouse suffering from the older versions , it really does seem kind of cruel . still , this was not what i thought of.the weird thing about these traps was that the mice figured out how to go in and take things out of them . one caught something ( i got 2 ) , but the other became a hangout where i had to put my old traps . that was kind of bad , too , because the things ar ento cost-effective and it drew in more mice than i had before.they picked up snacks and had a field day here . so , in one way , i sort of got clean . in another , i got more mice and a weird way to see how they interacted . that really struck me because they do n't hang out at the other traps with the not-so-safe bars.the one trap that did work worked well , but these still seem experimental and i had mixed results . i would like to say that , based on one working , it was great . stil , 50 % did n't do anything . so , this is one of those things i 'll have to ive a 3 - i liked the one that worked a lot but marveled at the way the other mice seemed to be when they had a pad behind the counter in my home .
= really cleam - but in a bad way
< i like it , but i liked it .

> out of all of the books , this is the one i wanted my greedy hands on the most . ohhhhhhhh , caleb ! ! ! ! i loved everything about this book . i loved that caleb was an ex-seal ( i love seals . ) i loved how he fought his feeling for brynna and she would just bluntly tell him that she wanted him . i love their moments together . i loved how the brynna & # 8217 ; s girls immediately opened up to caleb and loved him and how he loved her girls . i loved the danger in this book . e.v.e.r.y.t.h.i.n.g ! ( minus the heart break in it because mine broke right along with brynna & # 8217 ; s heart . ) i also loved maddie and josie and how absolutely adorable they were . they were both so sweet and accepting of caleb . *spoiler* and when they called him & # 8216 ; daddy & # 8217 ; i about cried . it stopped my heart for a moment.if you liked the other books in the series then i have no doubt that you will love this one.quote : & # 8220 ; you got it bad , & # 8221 ; nat remarked and snickers . & # 8220 ; welcome to the club. & # 8221 ; & # 8220 ; what club ? & # 8221 ; & # 8220 ; the & # 8216 ; i love a hot man & # 8217 ; club , sweetheart. & # 8221 ; i wan na be a part of this club ! 4.5 stars
= bookwhisperer 's review :
< caleb ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> the blockbuster `` avatar '' was loosely based on this book as was `` the princess of mars . '' edgar rice burroughs ( daryl sabara ) , the author of the book , plays a part in the film in order to give credence to the tale . the tale is patterned on the common early 20th century belief that mars was inhabited by a dying race with technology greater than our own.the character of john carter ( taylor kitsch ) is nicely introduced through a series of events that take place in arizona . carter , a soldier of the lost cause is suddenly transported to mars and finds himself part of a different war . because of the low gravity of mars , john carter finds that he can run faster and jump higher than the natives . there are two warring factions of humans and giant green creatures just to add to the mix.lynn collins plays the warrior princess who wants john carter to help her defend her city of helium . carter , wants only to return to earth.this movie is finally a fitting tribute to the works of burroughs . when you watch it , you think , `` oh , this has been done before , '' or `` that was taken from star wars ... '' but really this was n't taken from them , they borrowed from burroughs . modern movie goers might find this film a bit cliche and trite . as a sci-fi fan who loves 50 's sci-fi stuff , this was 5 stars.no f-bombs , sex , or nudity . tween safe .
= white men can jump
< the princess of mars

> george lucas ' mythic trilogy is finally on dvd , and the millions and millions of star wars fanboys across the country will have their reasons whether to snatch this up or not . is the holy trilogy , now that it 's finally on dvd , worth owning ? of course it is , but to all fans who made the singular , unified groan that lucas would be releasing the `` special edition '' versions of the films on dvd as opposed to the originals that we all grew up with , you 'd probably be better off sticking with the original videos . despite that though , all three films look glorious , and empire strikes back has never looked or sounded better . i wo n't go into the storylines of each film , since just about anyone and everyone who has n't been living under a rock for the last three decades knows it allready , but i will say this . i , along with countless others , am getting tired of lucas going back and re-modifying his films . remember his first film , thx 1138 ( which is now on dvd , and naturally has all new special effects ) which dealt with a technologically overrun society ? it seems like mr. lucas ' life is immitating his art , and that is a shame . despite that , you know you 'll eventually pick this up , but maybe you should give it a long , hard thought before george decides to `` re-modify '' his films again down the road .
= the holy trilogy finally on dvd , but is it worth owning ?
< the best of the series

> `` firefly '' is a series i never got to watch while it was on tv . my beautiful wife really dislikes science fiction , and i would rather spend time with her than watch anything on tv . however , i am a big science fiction fan , so when my sweetheart is otherwise occupied , i enjoy watching reasonably good sci-fi if it is available . but i would have never bothered with this series had it not been for an essay by one of my favorite authors ( orson scott card ) praising the movie `` serenity '' and by connection , the series `` firefly '' .i first bought the movie and rather liked it , but was n't getting something about it . then recently while on a vacation i bought the complete `` firefly '' series on dvd and just loved it ! `` firefly '' is exactly what you want in a sci-fi drama . wonderfully acted , incredibly believable visually , and a very good story.again it is a shame that the fox network more than any other gets it right when choosing series , and then gets it so , so wrong when it comes to cancelling series . and in some cases about marketing dvd 's , but i digress.if you enjoy sci-fi even a little bit , you should find `` firefly '' a worthy investment of your time and money . and then , after you have watched the series , watch the movie `` serenity '' , you will be glad you did !
= if you missed it like i did , or even if you did n't .
< a great sci-fi drama !

> marvel movies rarely get better than captain america : the first avenger . the last stand-alone film from marvel studios to set up next year 's mega-super hero opus the avengers , captain america stars chris evans ( who funny enough played the human torch in the two forgettable fantastic four films ) as the titular star-spangled hero , who takes on the red skull ( hugo weaving ) during world war ii in an effort to stop his nefarious scheme and his evil hydra organization . what makes captain america so enjoyable is the fact that director joe johnston ( the wolfman , the rocketeer ) injects so much heart and soul into the otherwise pedestrian script , and the fact that evans himself is surprisingly enjoyable in the title role without falling into the kind of cockiness/self-referential performance that often accompanies his roles . hugo weaving is great , and tommy lee jones steals the show as well , but in the end we all know what this really is meant for : the avengers . and by the time the end credits roll , you 'll be salivating for it like never before . all in all , captain america : the first avenger is a supremely enjoyable and just plain awesome superhero film that is more than worth your time and attention , and it does a fantastic job at making us all forget about that early 90s schlock-fest with the rubber-earred suit .
= just plain awesome
< the first avenger movie of the first avenger

> i have seen `` the exorcist '' several tims , and picked up `` the version you 've never seen '' when it hit the shelves last year . it 's amazing how this landmark movie still holds it 's power 30 years after it 's initial release . i will not bother to try and do this film justice with an amateur review , and unless you have been hiding under a rock for the last 3 decades you most likely know what the story is about . but i would like to touch on two things , the added scenes in the latest version are great . as if you needed any more reason the feel sympathy for regan , watching her go through the medical tests is just awful . linda blair just does such a great job in this movie , it 's really a shame her career took such a nose-dive . the other aspect of the film that i really enjoyed with this new dvd package was the soundtrack . it was like watching a `` new '' movie with enhanced audio , and with surround sound `` tubular bells '' has never sounded better . this film may not be for everyone ( my wife still refuses to watch it ) , but if you have the nerves to handle it ... well the newest version is well worth the money .
= still disturbing 30 years later
< the best of the year

> opening with 1970 's style 'our feature presentation ' and then you are straight into a roller coaster of a film . yes it is violent , and there is a lot of blood . but its very well done and of course a homage to the films that tarantino grew up with in the 60 's and 70 's . spagetti westerns , kung-fu movies are all referenced in images and the soundtrack . spot sonny shiba as the greatest sword maker ever.a third of the way through the film we get an anime section as well . tarantino may be a fan of anime , but watching this sequence again recently i realised how incredibly violent it is . the whole film is an adult comic strip anyway , but this section is so violent that maybe tarantino just decided to do it animated to avoid censorship problems . whatever it does n't matter , it works.this is , as you would expect , well directed and fantastic entertainment . the performances from the cast are all good or better.btw there is really no point in buying this dvd without buying vol 2 at the same time . the reason it only gets 4 stars ? kill bill vol2 is better .
= a good start
< tarantino 's best movie of the year

> note - i am aware these are made in the united states.however , given the recent controversy related to jerky treats , of which waggin train was again implicated , i spoke with my vet concerning the safety of this product . while they could not speak to the safety or lack thereof , they did recommend against purchased jerky treats in general . these were on the even less recommended list because of the sugar in them . there are healthier treats you can give your dogs.as a result , i gave our dogs a very small sample to test for flavor , which they declared a quick 5 stars . since they are smaller than the recommended 11 pounds , i am not giving them more , i only wanted to get their opinion.i appreciate the steps purina has gone to trying to make these smokey jerky treats safe by bringing the manufacture back to the united states . but the issue of poultry jerky in general , combined with my vet 's recommendation to limit these treats with sugar for overall health issues leads me to believe that these are n't the best choice.two stars .
= dog approved - not vet recommended
< dogs like them , but i 'm not giving them

> these are little cripsy pastries/cookies sprinkled with cinnamon sugar and with an apple cinnamon filling . they come in packs of two and are slightly smaller than a standard granola bar , probably to keep them at only 100 calories . they 're sweet , but not overly so , and the cinnamon is n't to strong , which sometimes happens in prepackaged foods.the first thing that came into my mind when i took my first bite was that it tasted exactly like a poptart . seriously , the crust , or pastry part , has the same taste and texture of a poptart ( before they started adding frosting and sprinkles ) . the filling is a lot like an apple poptart filling . the only differences i noted were the cinnamon sugar on the outside , and that there was considerably less filling than a poptart usually has . the bulk of this treat is the crust . for me , that 's perfect because it 's my favorite part . if you 're someone who likes the filling more , you might not be as fond of this product as i am .
= just like mini poptarts !
< sweet , but not too sweet

> this fruit punch vitamin supplement for water says on the bottle one serving size is oz. , which you can measure if you have a small shot glass type measuring cup . on the bottle it gives no indication of what amount of water you should put it in . on the advertising page it says 8 oz. , but then just says one squeeze.the taste itself- in an 8 oz . glass of water is like an extremely weak children 's drink ; and added to that it somehow tastes powdery . even adding it to a glass of already made crystal light punch , you could taste a grainy after taste . there are 24 servings in a bottle and it advises to keep for only 30 days - refrigerated after you open it . personally i 'd rather get my vitamin supplements by taking a pill - it 's done with and i do not have to struggle with the taste of this .
= i 'd rather take a pill
< not bad , but not a good taste

> i have a dry eye problem at night and thought i would try this ( as a vine reviewer ) . i 've been taking it for a couple weeks , but i have n't notice any difference . i had been using fish oilnew chapter wholemega , 1000 mg , 180-countthat my optometrist recommended , so i will probably go back to that regime along with this stuff.after doing some research on-line , i discovered that the ingredients in this product ( lutein and zeaxanthin ) are compounds called xanthophylls , which are naturally-occuring yellow pigments ( from marigolds ) and are anti-oxidants . xanthophylls belong to a class of organic compounds called carotenoids . these compounds might reduce your risk for macular degeneration and cataracts . i am concerned about my eye health especially since i work on a computer and do close-up work throughout the day.the dosage is one and it is a very small soft-gel and easy to swallow .
= did n't help my dry eyes , but good for overall eye health .
< i have n't notice any difference

> `` 300 '' will not go down in history as a movie with a great plot . in many ways , it was just another `` cut up lots of people with swords , stick many of them with spears , and have the heroes die screaming '' type movie.except ... - the casting and costumes were great.- the fight scenes , and cinematic style ( normal speed , slow speed , normal speed , slow speed , et cetera ) were bloody but phenomenal.- the computer generated blood splatterings oozed the horror of close combat sword fighting.- the beginning really explained why the spartans were in such excellent physical shape.i did n't like the fake wolf with the glowing eyes , and the oracle attendants with their leprosy were too fake . spartans just would n't put up with that crap ! rated r for slight nudity and gore galore . not the best date movie !
= shallow story , amazing action
< not , and , and , and , and , and , and , and

> i am not a fan of this razor , although i do buy other schick models most often.the hydro silk blade head is too bulky/wide . it does n't allow for shaving the bikini area so well , since it is so wide . i also find that the rubber strips kinda stick to or tug the skin slightly while shaving . the shave itself is not as smooth as the schick quattro ( men 's or women 's version ) , or the schick hydro 5 for men which i have also used.i ca n't say i 'd recommend this razor . it may be ok for a teen to start out on etc , but i find for myself that it just is n't what i 'm looking for . i ca n't get the results i desire with this one .
= blade head is too bulky
< not as good as schick models

> this is an odd film , very stylistic and with a meandering and disjointed plot punctuated with lots of surprises . samuel l. jackson and john travolta put in terrific performances as the leads in this film . jackson in particular reminds us in this film why he is one of the greats . the amount of profanity ( and frequent use of the n-word ) in this film , and graphic portrayal of drug use are all pretty jarring , but if you can get past that ( i did , with difficulty ) there is a pretty good film here . this one manages to be both hilarious and serious at the same time . it is easy to see why this one has become a cult classic and guilty pleasure for millions of film aficionados . rjb .
= pretty interesting crime flick
< a classic

> just like the fiskars scissors made a major impact in the us many years ago , this scotch precision ultra edge non-stick scissors will do the same today . it is the most remarkable pair of scissors i have owned since i got my first fiskars scissors many years ago . this scotch precision ultra edge non-stick scissors will cut just about anything , certainly better than conventional scissors . the cut is very clean and easy to accomplish . these scissors have an excellent ergonomic feel . the blades are state of the art , titanium fused for exceptional durability , much stronger than regular stainless steel . they are very well designed , very high quality and an outstanding value for the money . these will be the only scissors i will be buying .
= the next generation in scissors .
< excellent scissors

> i liked this installment better than the first one ! andrew still ca n't get enough of aubrey and she is still dealing with her very dysfunctional family . this is a quick read and sat on my currently-reading shelf forever . i ca n't wait for the next installment because this one ends abruptly and i 'm dying to know what happened to andrew to make him so screwed up when it comes to women and relationships . loved the sex scenes , this is a quick and steamy read with good character development . hurry up whitney ! ! ! i 'm dying here ! !
= quick and steamy read
< another great installment !

> it took many years to get this project done and it certainly delivers as not only a great super hero story but a great film in general that has something to please all movie-goers . from peter 's relationships with his uncle and aunt , his persuit of mary jane , and the valuable lesson he learns when he abuses his powers ( with great power comes great responsibility ) .the special effects were amazing and the choice of the green goblin as the tortured norman osbourn was perfect . whatever you do , do n't miss this one . really worth owning on dvd !
= was well worth the wait
< great film , great film , great acting , great film !

> this book is a true children 's classic . i thought it was much better than the magician 's nephew . one of the things i enjoyed about this book was the very tolkien like feel it had ( although definitely aimed at a much younger audience ) . i really thought i 'd be turned off by all of the christian symbolism ( and this does seem to me to be a biblical allegory ) , but i was n't . i felt it was a great , well told story with some wonderful underlying messages .
= a true children 's classic
< a true children 's classic

> here in new england , where the weather changes almost by the minute , almost nothing is more important than a decent set of windshield wipers and they are one of the least expensive safety measures you can take . these reasonably pricedanco c-18-ub contour wiper bladeare dead easy to install ( even grandma can install them herself ) and especially designed to handle our ever-changing weather . anco has been around about as long as i 've been driving and they 've always made a reliable wiper blade.two thumbs up !
= easy to install , reliable
< excellent windshield wipers

> this is a good product for those who like to do paper art projects . i am an avid scrapbooker and this product works really well for that . it easily dispenses the double-sided tape and it sticks photos to paper and paper to paper very well . if you need to peel the picture back off the paper , the dots will not come off cleanly and they 'll rip the paper . overall , it 's a pretty good product and is a good value also .
= good for scrapbooking
< good for art art projects

> my favorite thing about this pair of scissors is the comfortable fit while using them . this helps when you need to do a lot of cutting , especially fabrics . the handle is a plastic with a slight give to make for a very comfortable fit.the blades are sharp and were great to trim my jeans . they provided a clean cut and even worked well over the thick seams . i 've also used them on a scrapbook project . i have no complaints .
= a great scissor
< great scissors

> i 've never read wuthering heights , so i could n't appreciate the allusions to it . for this book the author falls back on a very common theme of romance novels- the `` torn between two lovers '' ordeal . i was disappointed by this , as it was very uncreative , and unconvincing for these characters . the first book was great . i 'm very much looking forward to reading `` midnight sun '' when that comes out .
= liked the first two , do n't like this one as much
< not what i expected

> incredible ! the genius ' of spielberg and kubrick meld in one of the `` weirdest '' films i 've ever seen ! even though the film is fascinating , i do n't believe that this film represents the end of the world ( i say this as a christian ) , but it is a great addition to spielberg 's line of films . touching , dark and grim ! do not miss this one ! grade : a+
= `` you know what you have to do . ''
< incredible !

> defending jacob by william landy will be a classic read , is a classic read . one great story . how far would you go to defend your family ? that 's the question as andy barber deals with his son , a teenager accused of murder . how do you deal with job , town , friends , family ? this one blew my socks off . read this one . highly recommended
= could not stop reading
< classic read

> these are comfortable and functional . they work just fine with no leaks . i did find out that the applicators seperate sometimes while still in the wrapper , but i was able to thread them back together just fine for use . i did n't notice a different between these and the regular playtex regarding movement though . they both work ok .
= comfortable and functional
< comfortable

> for multi-purpose uses , scotch makes the best tape out there . it bonds well , but is n't too difficult to remove , either . it 's great that it can be written on , as well . this is a sturdy tape that does the job well .
= the best !
< multi-purpose tape

> lots of heart wrenching moments that take you right there with eva as her heart is breaking ... ... ..read more on my blog iloveladyporn.com
= whew ! !
< heart wrenching

> i am new to the flat iron hair care stuff , i had no idea that price mattered . i thought it was all hype and that hair stylists did some sort of voodoo magic when i got my hair done , some sort of secret magic that i could never do at home , so i always bought the cheapest one and wondered why my hair never looked like it did when i came home from the salon.i just got this one in the mail 1/2 hour ago and immediately plugged it in to try it out . the first thing i noticed is there is a digital read-out on the side so you can choose the temp you want . the guide that comes with it tells you which temps are good for different types of hair so you do n't damage your hair . i adjusted it to my hair style and temp and waited for it to heat up . it took about 1 minute and it was ready . i could tell immediately a difference in my hair . my hair is thick , curly/wavy and gets frizzy very easily , plus it never looks shiny . i quickly ran this through my hair and my hair looks beautiful ! it looks like i just came home from the salon . it 's super silky , very shiny and looks professionally . i will never use a cheap flat-iron again , this one is worth every penny and then some.even better , i am leaving for europe on friday and it is world voltage meaning i can use it overseas ( with an adapter that i already have for my other electronics ) . so now i can have `` good hair '' no matter where i am.even if you 've never had luck with hair straighteners , try this one , you wo n't be disappointed , i certainly am not .
= i would give this ten stars if i could ! ! ! !
< i am leaving for the hair

> i have read the author 's two previous books and enjoyed them very much . i am pleased to say that this third book is in the same class as its ' predecessors : a taut , exciting and well written thriller.the plot concerns a wife disappearing on her fifth wedding anniversary , and suspicion , naturally enough , falls on her husband . the local police investigate , and though they do n't come right out and say it directly , then are looking seriously at the husband as the chief , and probably only , suspect . unfortunately , the husband 's actions and attitudes do nothing to allay the suspicion that ramps up around him , and he does n't know what to do or who to turn to for assistance.i really do n't want to go any further into the plot , except to say that it tends to be convoluted ( in a good way ) , and the reader 's idea of what happened will change several times during the course of reading the book . the ending comes almost as a bombshell , and i note that many reviewers were not happy with the ending . fear not , faithful readers . i understand that the movie version of this book , which is coming out in october , has a completely different ending , written by ms. flynn herself . then we all can see which of the two endings we prefer , rather like choosing which of the two endings of `` great expectations '' we like , since charles dickens wrote two of them . meanwhile , enjoy the book , and wait to see the movie .
= read the book - see the movie
< a great book , but not great

> before i decided to write my review , i wanted to see what other had said . this was not going to sway my opinion , just wanted to know how other people were responding.curious , the reviews seem to be all over the place . i know that tea drinkers can be quite vocal , but the astonishing thing is that not all the reviews are talking about the same tea . it appears that amazon/lipton have bundled them together.lipton soothe smooth green tea is delicious.green tea , chamomile flowers , lemon verbena , spearmint leaves , peppermint leaves , rosehips , orange peels , hibiscus flowers , lemon grass , spices and a couple added ingredients one of which is soy.no sugar , no stevia , and no caffeine as far as i can tell , i am not a chemist but i do not get the buzz that i get from coffee.i have been drinking it hot and the combination of flavors are , as the title says , soothing . no harsh bitter edges , no funky aftertaste . just a nice midday relaxing tea break.i have the keurig k65 machine and use the middle ( 8oz ) setting and the brew strength is just right for my taste . what i love the most , there is none of the & # 8220 ; schmutz & # 8221 ; on the bottom of the cup that some of the other tea k-cups leave.a very good cup of tea from start to finish
= lipton soothe smooth green tea
< very good tea

> shyamalan employs some great actors , and writes some great stories . that is , until the end , when the mystery and suspenseful atmosphere are ruined by a childish realization or conclusion . this film is the perfect example . i 'm not gon na tell you the ending in case you decide to watch this , but i will say that the movie is pretty darn good until then . the whole time we are led to believe that something dreadfully scary and evil is lurking . at the end when the truth is revealed shyamalan makes us feel like a bunch of suckers . he pulls this crap all the time . in signs , we are led to believe that the aliens are frightening . when we finally see them , they look like those inflatable green martian toys . in devil we fear that satan walks among us . in the end , it 's an old lady . the village has a similar ending . all of his movies are awesome until the truth is revealed . then the ending just makes the whole thing seem like a waste of time . i feel like he 's watching and making fun of me for sitting through over an hour of his bull crap . that is just my opinion though . if you like that sort of thing , then you will probably like the village . as i said before , it 's great until the ending .
= shyamalan is so full of crap .
< the ending just makes the whole thing

> before i go to sleep is the first novel by british author s.j.watson . christine lucas has the sort of amnesia that prevents her from storing new memories . this means that she wakes each day in an unfamiliar bedroom , next to a man she does n't know . the face she sees in the mirror is that of a woman much older than she knows herself to be . each morning the man in her bed reassures her that he is ben , her husband of 22 years , and that he loves her and will take care of her . so everything will be ok , wo n't it ? watson has created a novel with an original plot and some delicious twists , a novel full of suspense with a heart-stopping climax and a perfect ending . watson skilfully conveys christine 's confusion , her doubts about her own memories , her fear of paranoia and ultimately her mistrust of what she is told . this debut novel is a brilliantly conceived psychological thriller that is hard to put down and will keep the reader guessing to the end . s.j.watson is an author to watch .
= brilliant debut
< a brilliantly conceived psychological thriller

> one can not help falling in love with kaufman 's scripts for their sheer boldness and eccentricity , from john malkovich to adaptation.the `` eternal sunshine of the spotless mind '' is yet another maddeningly brilliant concept that 'll make you sit up and watch , because it is scarily plausible and poignantly thought-provoking . despite its psychological underpinnings , it is ultimately a take on love and how technology promises to break , mend , twist , and surprise our hearts and lives.that description itself is reason enough for you to pick up a copy of the film as soon as you can and watch it ! but unfortunately , the esoteric theme of memory erasure is dramatized with a 'different ' but often unbecomingly scattershot screenplay.in the end , i feel that the film comes across as being so self-absorbed in wowing viewers with a mozaic of doozy possibilities that it fails to fully connect with the audience . i would have done the movie differently but then what do i know.i recommend this movie , at least once for sure , but just manage your expectations and enjoy the ride .
= brilliant concept , somewhat muffled by giddy screenplay
< brilliant and eccentricity

> this is a tasty drink that is all natural . however , a small 8.3 ounce can contains a relatively high 140 calories which is roughly the same number of calories in a 12 ounce coke . only , a coke is about 50 % larger in volume.i like sweet , but to me this is a bit too sweet . it might be nice as a mixer in an adult beverage though . i have n't tried to mix it , but you could probably make a nice fruity alcoholic drink out of it.the price is n't a bargain . at nearly $ 1 per can , as of this writing , it would n't seem to be a compelling value . i do like it , but i doubt i 'd purchase it again . it also left a bit of a lingering metallic aftertaste that i was n't thrilled about . still , if you do n't mind the calories , enjoy a beverage that is sweet and are looking for a natural drink , then this could be worth considering .
= tasty but relatively high in calories
< tasty , but not a bargain value

> this book covers practically the entire lives of its main characters , henry and clare . henry suffers from `` chrono-displacement disorder '' , so from the age of five on , he jumps randomly back and forth in time . his jumps seem to center around a few locations or catastrophic emotional events . in a large number of jumps , he ends up in the meadow outside of clare abshire 's house . so , clare knows and loves an older henry , whom she has known since she was six . but in henry 's timeline , he does not meet clare until she is twenty . confused ? sometimes it is , but also very compelling and hard to put down . if my husband had not forced me to go to bed , i would have read this in one sitting .
= engrossing
< a book that will be a great read

> my dog is a bit of a jerk . she wo n't eat a lot of foods , and we 've narrowed it down to basically purnia products . but as she ages , we had to switch to a bit of a healthier choice for food . all of them she turned her head down at . except for beneful . i obviously can not speak to how it takes , but the texture and variety of shapes looks as appealing as dog food can . my dog seems to enjoy it , whereas before she required gravy or some wet food to get her meal down , she can eat this without it . she seems to go to do her business more regularly , and her movements are more solid and seem healthier .
= the dog seems to enjoy it
< dog likes it

> pleasingly chewy with a strong , distinct ginger flavor , these organic cookies are the rare packaged cookies i 'd bother to eat.organic ingredients with no mystery chemicals , two forms of ginger for a potent ginger flavor . fresh out of the bag , they 're almost soft , with a great chewy texture . after sitting out/open for a few hours , the cookies harden to the more familiar `` snappy '' crunch typical of this kind of cookie . i prefer the initial chewiness , but they are enjoyable at either texture.i 'm a foodie and a home baker , so it 's rare for me to find a packaged cookie that does n't taste stale , artificial , or otherwise inedible . these ginger snaps are the rare exception . recommended .
= no mystery ingredients , a nice distinct ginger flavor
< chewy , but not too sweet

> the playtex tampons work great and the women i saw on youtube like this brand more than others . i think my wife likes it . the lack of specificity of the ingredients that give it the fresh scent is worrying.the ingredients list : rayon fiber , polyester , cotton string , polysorbate 20 , and fragrance . all tampons have rayon since that 's what gives them the ability to absorb so much . the polysorbate 20 is a compound that lowers the surface tension of a liquid , so that makes sense . polysorbate 20 dissolves that which get absorbed into the rayon-basad core . the fragrance though is a mystery so i have no way of knowing if it has some adverse consequences .
= very popular for good reasons
< my wife likes it .

> this is made to feed your scalp ... but of course it gets all over your hair too ... so the thing to keep in mind is to very lightly use this product if you do not have the need for serious moisturizing . it says it spreads easily , believe them . a lot of good things in this -if- you need the moisture , has shea butter and vitamin e , sunflower , coconut , almond , soybean oil and more . just use with care ... i was a little over zealous with my application , its very greasy and probably is not for most peoples scalps , it really should have more info from the manufacturer printed on it .
= clear scalp & hair beauty therapy
< great for your scalp ...

> i always feel comfortable being prepared and even if you get cables with an electronic device , they are often too short or stiff . this cable solves both of those problems . even worse , the last time i looked i could not find the a to b cable in our local electronic store ; they said there was really no demand ? my printer and my scanner both need the b size - so this was something that was good to find ; especially since the last 2 printers i have purchased come with no cables at all.this cable is sturdy , but yet flexible . it will replace one that has always been stiff and therefore hard to work with .
= 6 feet of data transfer
< great cable

> i have always been a fan of premium beverages and sodas . i will never buy pepsi or coke products . at a minimum i will by jones because they use pure cane sugar . i really enjoyed getting to try this product , and i am actually going on now to start ordering it on a regular basis.you can really tell the difference between `` pop '' and juice with sparkling water . it is a bit on the sweet side , and i did not think they needed to add the extra juice flavors to make it just right . however this is a great product , good size for individual servings , and it arrived in good packaging by amazon .
= the motto of this drink fits
< great for the price

> this drink is real good especially when it is real cold . i prefer cold coffee drinks over hot ones . the can is pretty small like a red bull can . it is easy to stash any where in your bag . the taste is pretty good and straight forward . it is bold with a hint of sweetness . it is not that sweet to me compared to other drinks from starbucks or monster . it does give you an after taste of coffee . not that bad but it feels like you have coffee breath . calories are low compared to other comparable drinks . it gives me a good quick boost that i need to begin the day .
= bold and not to sweet ... .
< bold and bold

> i watch movies for entertainment and to enjoy them with family and friends . this movie was fast action and continuous fun . the special effects were well done and like i said the continuous action and fight scenes were spectacular.this type of film takes me back to my childhood of reading comic books and loving marvel comics . thor was always one of my heroes and loki has n't changed a bit . i liked this film for entertainment and i rate it as a 5 star film for that reason alone . if you are not a fan of thor or of marvel comics you may not like the film but i enjoyed it .
= a fast action and entertaining film with great special effects !
< thor

> the catcher in the rye by j.d . salinger was the first book i truly enjoyed reading when i was in high school . one of my former classmates raved about this book and when it was my class ' turn to read this book i could n't wait to lose myself in this little piece of literature . the main character holden caulfield has a foul mouth , he 's depressed , he 's sacastic and he is the most realistic character i have ever read . he is like so many teens today , his personality is timeless and modern . do n't wait another minute , read this classic treasure today .
= still holds up to today 's standards of literature .
< the catcher in the rye

> i could see using this kit to teach kids about growing veggies either at home or as part of a school project . it 's nice that the seeds can be planted indoors and then transplanted outside . i am all for encouraging gardening and eating more healthy vegetables so i am giving this an `` ok '' rating . it is convenient that everything is gathered together in a kit . however the yield of vegetables for this product is miniscule and it would be much more economical to buy either seeds or plants in larger quantities if wanting to start a home garden to enjoy throughout the growing season .
= decent science project for kids
< good for kids

> the dark side of the moon is without any doubt one of the greatest albums of all time ! ! ! ! ! this is a historical piece of art ... ..all the songs are totally inspired and amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i like most all the stuff pink floyd created , but dark side of the moon is a legend ... .an almost perfect collection of rock songs with poetic lyrics and unbelievable instrumentals ! ! ! ! ! ! ! well done , pink floyd ! ! ! ! ! ! bravo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
= one of the greatest albums ever ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< a classic ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> hoping to revitalize his career when he inherits a high-profile defense case after a fellow lawyer is murdered , mickey haller discovers that he may be the next target and reluctantly teams up with lapd detective harry bosch to find the killer . btconnelly combines his two favorite protagonists , harry bosch and mickey haller , and comes out with a fantastic thriller . once i started reading it i new that connelly had come out with another winner . well written , as well as engrossing , this one was hard to put down . keep it up michael !
= well written thriller 4 1/2 stars
< another great harry bosch thriller

> a child in peril tied to a bed . a study of mathematics . sex on a beach in grenada . a murderous hurricane . dramatic rescues . oh , that 's just the first 75 pages . a great read with fascinating characters . the author is a master of suspense . i gave it 5 stars because it kept me up late . i could n't put the thing down . and the ending has hooked me for the next one . the author 's death a tragic loss .
= remarkable
< a master of suspense

> what a fun little kit to get you into everything you need to start gardening . with prices going up and pay going down it 's time to find ways to save yourself some $ . this i a fool proof way to start you off in gardening very easy to use starter pods will have you reaping some useful product.very happy with the end results and look forward to planting the rest of them when the season starts next year .
= introduction to gardening
< fun for gardening

> i 'll be sticking with the regular playtex tampons - i did n't like the applicator on the sport . playtex is my go to brand for 30 years - far superior to other name brands - the non-sport applicator is a complete winner in comfort.the protection was fine . it 's just perfect for light days.i have always used the fresh scent , it is never over powering or obvious , however the unscented totally was fine .
= not for me ,
< great for light days.i

> let me just say that i 'm the kind of person that i do n't do to people what i do n't like people do to me , especially , especially cheating . i liked dr. nadeen , but i did n't like his involvement and the heroine just made me want to hit her , because even though aiden did the same , although under different circumstances , she was just been mean .
= 3.5 stars
< not what i expected

> great small cable if you want to reduce clutter in certain spaces . however , while the casing seems great , it may not fit certain recessed jacks as the casing itself may get in the way to fit in the tiny spaces . however , good news here is that you can slide the casing down a bit and it turns into a traditional cable that will fit anywhere .
= great for those short-distance jobs .
< great small cable

> this book might have been a bit to dark for me . the writer is obviously very talented . the story was very well told . just not sure if i had the stomach for the story.with that said i will be reading book 2 ... after a little break .
= very dark
< very good

> first of all i would give it 6 stars if i could ! i love all the angst ! i love that the author surprises me ! first book was great but this was awesome ! very much looking forward to the next book ! team chris all the way !
= amazing
< love it !

> movie star and stripper fall in love ? sure to be a sexy read ! and it is . it was sexy but had a great story line to it . if your in the mood for a steamy romance this is it !
= steamy romance !
< sexy and sexy

> sorry , after reading these reviews , there 's no way i was going to give them to my neighbor 's dog . i 'll need some real evidence that they 're okay before i give them to any dog .
= ca n't trust the company 's word
< neighbor 's dog

> i love love love this book ! ! ! river is such a great guy ! ! ! ! i ca n't wait to read torn to see what happens next ! !
= wow
< love love love

> love netflix , the only issue i had , so the fact that once an movie or episode was over it was confusing on how to move on to the next .
= netflix
< love netflix

> really truly beautiful . but ca n't wait for the conclusion if the story . should just as good . i highly recommend the author never fails
= beautiful
< beautiful

> i watched this film with low expectations since so many sequels are disappointing , but was pleasantly surprised by exciting action sequences , a strong cast and interesting plot . schwarzenegger reprises the role he was born to play , and he does n't ham it up as much as he did in t2 ; kristanna loken looks great as the terminatrix ( though she shows too much emotion , i assume this was a directorial decision ) ; nick stahl plays 22-year old john connor as an angst-ridden anti-hero ; claire danes is very good as katherine brewster , future resistance fighter ( though she is made to scream and react a lot ) , particularly considering that she accepted the role a few days before shooting started ! everyone is great , though linda hamilton is missed ; to me she 's as integral to the terminator-mythos as arnold . the script is fine -- with a plot consistent with the previous films , not as much mining for catchy one-liners , but too little on the time paradox aspect of the story.dvd extras include two commentary tracks -- one with director mostow alone , the other with mostow , arnold , loken , daines and stahl . arnold 's intelligence ( and his out-of-control ego ) shine through in his lengthy monologues -- though who was going to tell him to take it down a notch ? the best extra is an hysterical deleted scene , the sargeant candy scene , about the origins of the t-1 . there 's also a trailer , a storyboard comparison , a terminator timeline , a visual effects featurette , a video game trailer and making-of featurette , gag reel , featurettes on costumes and action figures , and a 13-minute eye-candy making-of documentary . the film can be heard in english or french and subtitled in english , french or spanish.enjoyable continuation of the terminator franchise .
= very enjoyable third terminator instalment
< a good film , but not great

> i finally finished reading harry potter and the prisoner of azkaban '' . i started reading it last weekend and recently finished the third book last night . so far , i felt this was my favorite in the popular harry potter series ( i still have to read the fourth book `` the goblet of fire '' ) . as much as i enjoyed reading `` the chamber of secrets '' , i really did n't think that it captivated me nearly as much as `` the prisoner of azkaban '' did . even jk rowlings recently admitted on tv that `` the prisoner of azkaban '' was her favorite book to write . she even mentioned that it gave subtle hints to what to expect for the sixth harry potter book . i think the reason i enjoyed reading `` the prisoner of azkaban '' so much was that it gave some glimpse into harry 's past . he is tormented by the last moments of his late mother when the dementors taunt harry which tortures him emotionally . overall the writing by jk rowling was simply some of her best work i had ever read . i like the first two books and `` the order of the phoenix '' but i has to say she really does an amazing job on `` the prisoner of azkaban '' . i ca n't wait to start reading `` the goblet of fire '' . anyone who can get millions of children ( and adults ) to turn off the idiot box ( i.e the television ) is simply brilliant and that is jk rowlings .
= my favorite harry potter book
< the best harry potter series ever

> since i pulled an all nighter due to being sick i finished this book even though i took my time reading it.first , wow , a thousand times wow , the author really captured everything . every character made you care for them , every single one , you feel part of each and every one of them , this book is not just about the main characters . it was a rollercoaster of emotions and even though i hardly cry with a book unless i really feel it , i can say i literally bawled like a baby , i mean from the first page you know it 's going to happen , you prepare yourself throughout the book , but no matter how 100000 % sure you are that you are ready to face that it still hurts awful . i loved how the story was developed , it did n't feel rushed , it did n't seem like you needed more pages to fill in blanks or something was missing , it felt complete all the way , you get answers to everything , you 're not left with a void in your heart and it is amazing to come across a book like this , really loved it and i just do n't know how much i can say about this book that can be said with words , i just have feelings.i avoided this book for stupid reasons , but do n't wait and read it , you wo n't regret it.super recommended
= go and one click buy this book now ... .do n't wait to experience this ... .
< wow , wow , wow , wow

> such a wonderful book . remington is an underground fighter who is hot and sexy . when he lays eyes on brooke at one of his fights , he knows he has to have her and will do whatever it takes to make that happen . brooke is instantly attracted to remi and wants him more than anything . remi hires brooke to go on his fighting circuit with him as his sports medicine doctor and the sparks begin . brooke struggles with the lustful feelings she has for remi but she just does n't think he is as attracted to her as she is to him . truth is remi just wants her to see the man not the fighter and want him for who he is inside and not what everyone else sees . he 's had a rough childhood and has other problems you 'll discover as the story unfolds . great story of passion of love . this is a stand alone book , but there will be another one which tells the story from remi 's pov . then in the fall , we will get another story with more of remi 's and brooke 's story . can not wait to see how their love continues .
= great book
< loved it !

> the flavor of the cappuccino is very muted . but it is a coffee drink , not a straight-up cappuccino.coffee is the main ingredient , followed by lowfat milk , sugar , cocoa powder , etc ... but i mostly taste the milk.i think this is a good competitor against the glass-bottle starbucks , mostly because it is made of metal and would be safer to take camping ( which i like to do ) .most importantly , there is no metallic aftertaste.it has 81mg of caffiene , for those who want to know ... double the amount of any coke product . but its less than any normal cup of coffee you can buy from mcdonalds , dunkin donuts , starbucks , etc.so if you are used to drinking a cup of coffee every morning , and you substitute this , you may feel like there is n't quite enough caffiene in it . you might have to drink two.on the other hand , if you ca n't get to your hot cuppa joe for whatever reason , this is a tasty replacement . although slightly low-octane .
= slightly lower caffiene than a cup of coffee , but tasty
< good flavor , but not a straight-up drink

> director and co-writer ( with joss whedon ) , drew goddard keeps his tongue firmly planted in cheek with this unusual take on the traditional slasher film . the movie begins strangely with a scene involving co-stars bradley whitford and richard jenkins , but moves quickly into what appears to be your run-of-the-mill set up for attractive people to die one-by-one in a remote cabin `` on loan from a cousin . '' but this movie is different ... way different.sure we have the usual cast of stereotypes being offered up including the hunky athletic type ( chris hemsworth ) , the smart one ( jesse williams ) , the stoner ( fran kranz ) , the sexpot ( anna hutchison ) and the less sexy but cute ( kristen connolly ) . the writers are very effective in keeping the audience guessing with a goodly amount of humor both overt and covert , dosed with plenty of suspense and horrorific scenes . i ca n't give too much away however so as one of the characters exclaims , `` let 's get this party started . ''
= one of the best `` slasher '' films you 'll see .
< a different take on the traditional slasher film

> this is a fairly predictable fantasy/adventure movie with good special effects and some interesting scenes of naval vessels . you will definitely want to check your mind at the door before starting to watch it if you intend to enjoy all of the action and a lot of the action is well done.the opening section is a little tiresome as the flaws of the main character are defined but later , after several massive leaps of unlikely developments , the movie tightens up a bit and things begin to happen . again i will caution the reader that your ability to go with the flow and accept the premises of the movie is vital to its enjoyment.the almost constant thumping music background was a bit tiresome but if you have the ability to tune it out or enjoy that kind of music it may not bother you too much.if you enjoyed the most recent movie in the transformer franchise you 'll probably enjoy this one too . i was curious to see it but now that i have i 'll probably not watch it again .
= transformers meet id 4
< predictable but predictable

> my partner , who usually shaves with an electric razor , decided to use this remington this morning.why ? hurricane irene is heading right for our little acre in massachusetts , and he wanted to `` groom up '' , in case the power/water/services are gone for a few days ( which everyone is predicting will happen ) .after using the razor , he commented that he just might switch back to a manual razor for good , since he could definitely feel the difference in the closeness of the shave . he also commented that , back when he used to use a manual razor , he often had irritated skin , and the shave felt `` okay '' , but not that much different from the electric.with this razor , he said , `` feel my face '' , and `` see the difference ? `` i did . nice and smooth . as close as it gets . no nicks or cuts.since it converted him , maybe it will convert you , too . give it a try !
= as close as it gets
< nice shave , but not the best

> when i removed the razor from the package , i literally laughed . it looks like something straight from a saturday night live sketch : `` why buy a razor with three blades when you can have one with fifteen ! ? '' the over-sized appearance is super silly . moreover , i have gotten much closer shaves from a `` simple '' ( and less expensive ) three-blade razor . this one is a bit cumbersome . additionally , i first used it with a lotion and the razor skipped over and over . then , i tried it without lotion , and it gave a better , but awkward shave . my underarms were left `` prickly '' even after several passes.if it matters , the aesthetics appear as though it is a generic razor . the instrument is a flat , opaque color . and , for me , was definitely not ergonomic . ( it feels/looks like something from the 1980 's with extra blades ) .in this case , for me , less is certainly more .
= less is more ...
< i 'm a razor with this one .

> synopsis : walt kowalski ( clint eastwood ) is a bitter , aging archie bunker-like korean war veteran and widower who seems to hate just about everybody and everything . that is with the exception of his '72 gran torino . when he finds himself pulled into a gang related situation terrorizing his asian neighbors he finds himself invested and connected to others for the first time since the death of his wife and reevaluates his life and what he should do to better things for the neighborhood.critique : 'gran torino ' is a hard hitting contemporary drama that mirrors many of the attitudes and social problems plaquing american urban society ; loneliness , ignorance , racism , uninvolvement , hostility and gang violence to name a few . clint eastwood delivers one of his best film performances ( my personal favorite is 'pale rider ' ) . the dialogue is sharp and bitting , the storyline edgy and contemporary and the acting is honest and believable . this is hard-hitting cinema that is both enjoyable and meaningful . recommended viewing .
= `` what haunts a man the most ? '' ~ actions speak louder than words
< `` the best film of the year ! ''

> o-m_f-g ! ! michelle how could you do this to me ? ? ! ! ! ! why ? ? ! ! here is what you need to know about this book:1. it grips you and pulls you in right from the get-go ! ( damn i want tomato juice spilled on me if i ever encounter a hottie like xavier ! ) 2 . the book has a lot of angst and sexual tension3 . x ( xavier ) is a wrestler with some emotional issues and damn is the boy hawt and sweet4 . i wanted to shake anna for resisting him and not jumping into bed right away ! ( damn girl what is wrong with you ? ! ! ) 5 . when they do the nasty ... ..it was hot6 . the book was getting good and then bam , wham ! it leaves you hanging/panting for more ( aka it has a cliffhanger ) 7. ca n't wait for the sequel , so please ms valentine , write super fast ! ( pretty please ! )
= o-m-f-g !
< o-m_f-g ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> quick , easy and amazing results . this razor provided me with the quickest , closest shave i 've ever had . the trimmer is easy to use and is so much better than previous trimmers i 've tried . i love the convenience of a razor and trimmer in one . it 's nice that you can adjust the length of the trimmer or remove the cap for a close shave . this razor is totally worth the money , unit and refills . i would recommend this to anyone.update - one year later : i just purchased my second one . the first one still works , but the trimmer is rusting a bit from being in the shower . i have replaced the battery once . i also purchased one for a friend to put in her gift bag . she told me she loves it and it has saved her time in the shower . she had only been using a razor in the past . i love this razor and plan to keep using it .
= best razor ever
< love this razor !

> i do n't usually go for the portion control snacks that have become so prevalent on the supermarket shelves these days but i was pleasantly surprised by this one . the snackwell fudge drizzle caramel popcorn has taken three of my guilty pleasures ( popcorn , caramel & fudge ) and put them all into one 130 calorie pack . the sugar may be a little on the high side if you 're a member of the snack police but if you stick to the one bag rule i 'm sure you come out ahead.the pack portion size contains enough to get you over that afternoon slump or to enjoy at the movies without feeling guilty . the taste is really very good with none of that `` pretend food '' taste you get in many of the healthy food choices.i think the cost is a little more than i 'd spend on a regular basis but as a special treat i 'll probably buy it again .
= popcorn caramel & chocolate fix all in one
< three of my guilty pleasures

> these are little paper envelopes with sticky tapes on the back that hold a very small amount of post-it notes . the premise is that you can stick them to your laptop for convenience . i suppose if you are on a flight with your laptop open and need a post-it note , this might make sense . but , to me it has never been a burden to pull a post-it note off the stack to jot down my notes . the envelopes are made from a cheap slick paper , and they only hold a small amount of post-its . i simply do n't get what 3m is trying to achieve with their latest do-nothing products . frankly , i will stick with my post-it note pad , pulling them off one at a time -- i need the exercise . i can not recommend this product , the quality is poor and the reasoning behind the entire idea seems faulty to me .
= another 3m `` why '' product .
< not what i expected

> this is a very simple device , so i 'll give it a simple review . it 's exactly what you need for cutting wrapping paper or other similar items . there is a small , razor-like blade contained within the item . but because it is recessed and protected by a guard , it would be very hard to injure yourself on the blade unless you broke or modified it.all you do is push the cutter forward in the direction that you want to cut and you get very clean lines . it also cuts quite fast and requires far less effort than scissors . you can also curl ribbons with it , but i did n't test that aspect . bottom line is that the scotch gift wrap cutter is quite handy , does a great job , is small enough to store anywhere , and it 's probably an item that you will use for many years .
= this is a simple , clever and convenient little device
< great for cutting wrapping paper

> wow ! i was surprised how much she liked it . button has always been a picky eater when it comes to dry dog food . more often or not , she would stick her nose up and go eat the cat 's food . but she really likes this beneful dog food . it has all the vitamins and nutrition that a dog needs.i also love the bag , it has a zip lock seal on top ! why do n't other product do this ? it is great at keeping the food fresh and this is especially important when you buy a big bag . it still feels and smells fresh at the bottom of the bag as it did when i first opened it . i 'll take button 's word that it still tastes fresh ; )
= she likes it , button likes it !
< i !

> this is a great-tasting bar . tangy cherry + nuts really reminds me of a fruit cake . i has 190 calories and nutritional content similar to zone bars . however , i felt a bit more full while chewing on a zone bar . oddly enough i think its because zone bars require more chewing and pure bars are very soft and delicate and you can finish them rather quickly . obviously the more chewing you do , the longer it takes you to finish the bar and by the time you ate one , your brain already told your stomach that it has something inside . therefore , i find pure bars to be more addicting and would eat them more as a snack ( candy bar alternative , ) rather than a meal replacement bar .
= great taste which makes you reach for another bar , which is bad !
< great-tasting cherry + nuts

> great book ca n't wait for the sequel and may i say that even though a few quirks are like 50 shades of grey the books are not a like . here you have to experience protagonists and the female lead is independent , strong and financially secure on her own right which completely change the dynamics.i love the supporting characters and their own second story , i hope we get to see that being resolved as the series go forth . my only warning , if you have issues with child abuse know that this book deals with that topic so do not be surprised.i like this series on it 's on merit . i am looking forward to the next two books .
= bared to you : a crossfire novel
< great book

> when working with a computer keyboard , your wrist should be at the same level as the keyboard , but most of us tend to rest our wrist on the table.you wont realize what you are doing to your wrists until a few years are over . then your wrist will start wearing out , causing damage to your bones and the nerves.better still is to protect your wrist by placing the gel wrist to rest your wrist , i have been using a similar one for almost 5 years now and just replace the older one with the 3m . i find that the leatherette finish on the 3m is more comfortable than a plastic feeling .
= save your wrist and palm - get yourself one now
< works well

> jarrow supplements are some of the top products on the market right now . i am taking a few other products from them and am really pleased with quality . recently , i tried mega red krill oil from another vendor and within days i started getting tingling sensation in my hands . found out this was due to the lower quality purification process that company was using that resulted in jelly fish particles making it into the pills and impacting the brain nerves . i threw away that product . now , i only use jarrow . no tingling , no problem , great feeling ! highly recommended .
= perfect supplement
< great feeling !

> these are soooo good . beyond good . girl scouts who ? i do n't know them . better than a thin mint and easier to get . i 'd say better than a normal oreo as well . they are crispy and minty with a thin layer of creme that just makes them even more delicious . i shared them with a friend and we almost finished the whole box in a day . the price is way too high @ 32 dollars for 4 boxes so pick them up ( if you dare ) at your local grocery store or wally world .
= delicious
< delicious !

> my husband tested this one out . he likes it a lot . it gives a nice , close , clean shave very quickly . there is no need to go over an area more than once . holding this shaver is not as challenging as other people say . grip than handle and place your index finger at the bottom of the u shaped blade holder ( top of the handle ) for perfect control . the refills are pretty cheap compared to other razors . they are even cheaper at certain warehouse clubs .
= azor 5 blade razor
< great shave

> what 's not to like ? ! it actually tasted ike pomegranate juice , five licorice sticks ( reasonable size -- not tiny ) are only 10g of sugar ( which went over well with the diabetics in the house ) ... calcium , protein , iron -- even fiber ! ! as a matter of fact , all three generations enjoyed the treat , the youngest being 5yrs , and the oldest being 61yrs.i just wish i could have tried the black licorice too ... guess i will have to buy it ! =d
= awesome treat
< three !

> this cereal is relatively natural , has dried fruits and whole grains ... though it 's not organic and it has somewhat processed `` natural '' sweeteners . it 's pretty tasty and a nice improvement over most commercial cereals ... though i think they could make something that lives up more fully to the brand name of back to nature - organic and no refined sweeteners would be ideal . i would recommend this cereal for those who are n't too concerned about getting too much sugar/carbs and who like fruity cereals .
= great tasting cereal , could be less sweetened ...
< tasty , but not organic

> the sunscreen itself was n't as impressive as the bottle made it out ot be . it dos n't have a nice smell and i did n't feel the cooling part . it works just fine as a regular sunscreen but it 's not over the top . i usually use a higher spf but this one is ok.the amount in the bottle is small for the price though and it is greasy even though it claims not to be .
= hmmmm , just sunscreen
< not as good as the bottle

> i live in the country- rabbits come on to my property to get in my garden and my dogs will kill them.. makes me sad- since i have been spraying my fence lines ( sprayer works great ) have n't had any rabbits show up.. also strangely enough i think its keeping the skunks away..something that is a true nuisance- very happy with this product~
= works well for rabbits
< works great

> this was an excellent book and i can not wait to read the next in the series.i was torn with emily 's character , loving her and wanting to smack her at the same time . dillon is a straight up douche and gavin is intense when it comes to emily.ordering pulse to read right now !
= loved it !
< excellent book !

> really loved this book from start to finish . matt and shelly are just amazing for each other . so since i do not want to spoil it for all future readers , believe me when i say buy it , you will not regret it . enjoy : )
= amazing ! ! !
< loved it !

> i found nothing special about this gel , but it works well shaving.it works into a nice lather with a small thumbnail-sized dab , so it 's economical if you use it sparingly.all-in-all : good gel , but nothing new/special to flip over .
= just another shave gel , but it works
< works well

> good garden greens for baby , purees and organic without being too sweet . i like the packaging design on these as well and they 're great for on the go ! highly recommended !
= fresh and healthy !
< good for baby , purees and organic

> great book , i could n't put it down . it kept my attention and i am very much looking for jets story to come out next ! great job on this book !
= loved it
< great book !

> when i started to read this i thought omg . right from the beginning it was great . cant wait for the final installment
= great book
< wow

> these books take forever to be available at the library . you 'd think they were popular or something.eclipse is the third book in the twilight series . we have vampires fighting werewolves , and vampires fighting vampires . and somewhere in the middle of the action is this incredibly sickening love story.bella is the human . edward is the vampire she loves . jacob is the werewolf she loves.yes , that 's right - jacob has she loved.so there 's this triangle thing going on . and werewolves hate vampires and vice versa.that 's the love story . the action comes because there 's a vampire from the first novel who continues to hunt bella to avenge her mate 's death . or something like that ; and there 's a big royal rumble in the woods to finish the book.i had the same issues with this book as i did with the first two novels - so i wo n't get into them . you can search for those reviews on here.the biggest complaint i have for eclipse is bella . that character drives me crazy ! someone correct me if i 'm wrong but i can not see a girl acting this way . maybe i 'm wrong . it 's possible.in this story , and for the series as a whole , bella wants to have sex with edward but she does n't want to get married . edward is opposite , he wants to wait for them to get married first . this drives bella crazy.at the end of eclipse edward gives in and tells bella that he 's ready to do whatever will make her happy . and do you think bella is overjoyed ? ! ? ! not in the slightest ! she goes against her entire argument , for 3 books now ! , and says , `` let 's wait until after we 're married '' .just one more book and my suffering will be over .
= did anyone think she 'd pick the wolf ?
< the best of the series

> `` mission impossible : ghost protocol '' is the fourth iteration of the impossible mission force movie franchise , and it might be the best . of course , it features the imf racing to save the world , using the latest in hi-tech spy gadgets and featuring some mind-blowing action sequences and special effects . but this one works because the casting is about right.tom cruise returns as imf veteran agent ethan hunt , who at the start of the movie must be liberated from a russian prison by lovely field agent paula patton and tech whiz simon pegg . hunt is needed for a mission inside the kremlin , which goes badly wrong . things get worse when the secretary really does have to disavow all knowledge , and hunt goes on the run with the secretary 's twitchy personal intelligence analyst , superby played by jeremy renner . screen time gets spread around nicely , as each agent gets a chance to contribute to the action . the team banter provides some humorous breaks , especially the dialogues between renner and pegg . intriguing side plots add to the suspense.operating under instructions known as the ghost protocol , hunt and his ad hoc team have to short-circuit an attempt by a swedish scientist to start a nuclear war . if the premise is just a little preposterous , the movie more than makes up for it with a breathless series of nail-biting action sequences . like any good imf plot , it 's never quite clear how things will work out , and the suspense should keep viewers glued to their seats to the end . `` mission impossible : ghost protocol '' is highly recommended as a good old-fashioned thriller .
= the kind of imf thriller we remember ...
< `` mission impossible : ghost protocol ''

> like many movie fans who loved sean connery as 007 , i was n't sure the new actor daniel craig would pull this off . boy was i wrong.he is great because among other things he looks british in a nice blue eyed blond hair , wasp way , is buffed , aloof enough , and has just enough chauvinism to make 007 authentic . but i also liked seeing the human side , like when he misreads gamblers and alas looses at the table.anyone who knows much about either the cia , special forces be it the united states or raf , know that the men have to know not to get to attached to those they have to work with . craig brings this off to a 't ' . the action is smooth and steady . and fun ! and the physical action or 'stunt work ' that craig has to do , comes off believable because he is so buffed . makes for a much nore realistic presentation.judi dench plays 'm ' like a great iron lady , take no nonsense or take no prisoners should.vesper lynd , played by eva green is interesting if one listens to the dialogue and catches the devout catholic girl remark , because in past bond movies the women were intentionally sexual and not at all hesitant . was rather nice to see the suggestion that this bond woman , was n't so easy . made the romantic/sex aspect of the movie interesting and alas refreshing for me.am really looking forward to more 007 with daniel craig as bond .
= loved it ! ! ! give me more ... ...
< great movie , great action , great action

> enzo is a highly evolved dog who dearly loves his owner denny . on the eve of his death , enzo recalls his life with denny which started when denny was single . enzo saw denny through getting married , the birth of his daughter zoe and great tragedy and adversity throughout their time together.the art of racing in the rain was my book club , conversati-om 's , january pick . i was a bit apprehensive about it because 1 ) i am ambivalent toward dogs 2 ) i do not like car racing . i think it 's a true testament to the power of this book 's story that i loved it anyway . the racing parts were brief and mostly used as metaphors so i was not bothered by them . and i kept forgetting enzo was a dog , he was so insightful as a narrator . on the brief occasions that he did do something dog-like , it caught me off guard . i thought the author did a great job of explaining the rational behind enzo 's actions when he did do something that i would n't think a highly evolved dog would do - like tearing up zoe 's stuffed animals.i was totally caught up in denny 's journey throughout this book . i do n't want to give to much away but my stomach was in knots for him at times . this the first book by garth stein that i 've read - i 'm looking forward to reading more .
= powerful and gripping
< a great book for the power of enzo

> lutein is one of those supplements which ca n't be accurately quantified in an informal way since it 's a preventive nutrient . the claims for it suggest that it maintains eye health and promotes good cell regulation . thus , if you do n't get cancer or suffer macular or retinal issues while taking it , it might be the lutein and then again it might be that you just are n't getting any of those things . bottom line here is that anyone with a health problem that might lead to one of the things that lutein is supposed to prevent , might want to consider taking a lutein supplement . i take it because i 'm diabetic and eye health is a real issue for us.the jarrow formula contains about twice the recommended dosage of lutein , and while up to about 11.5 mg a day is generally thought to be safe , i 'm taking a capsule every other day to be on the safe side . more is n't always better , particularly when you 're dealing with a nutrient that 's not water soluble . to risk being indelicate , you 'll pee out any water soluble nutrients your body does n't use . you 'll store the fat soluble ones and they can build up , which is why being cautious with dosages of vitamins a , d , e , and k is so important .
= worth a try .
< lutein is a good nutrient

> when i started this book i was really looking forward to it . i really thought amy would change a whole lot and become a really `` tough '' character . but i was sadly disappointed . the book begins with amy being on the run from now liam . she over heard him talking on the phone to someone and she knows she ca n't trust him now . even though everything they went through felt so right and true ! so after she runs two months pass by and liam ends up finding . now amy has to decide if she can really trust him , and what else is being hidden from her from her past.i did like the book but it just did n't seem to be as thrilling as the first one . i felt like amy kept reaping the same thing over and over again , and it got very frustrating after a while when she just would n't make up her mind . other than that i did enjoy the story . it was seriously very interesting . but the ending left me a little frustrated . because it felt like the end of the series almost but there is another book coming . so i 'm not sure if i will end up reading that one , but i did like these two so far.more reviews at shooting stars reviews , [ ... ]
= it was okay , but the first was better !
< not what i expected

> as a big coffee drinker , i 'm always interested in seeing new ways to receive my caffeine doses throughout the day ( since constant coffee is not an option all the time ) . when i got the chance to review the avitae caffeinated water , i was excited for such an interesting idea : simple bottled water with caffeine injected into . it is a fantastic idea ( especially since it is n't flavoured like some others ) that i think can really catch on.unfortunately , the idea is better than the execution . the main reason is because the taste is n't exactly like simple bottled water . i tried it at two temperatures ( room temp and chilled ) and both forms yielded the same result . the taste is almost like that of unclean tap water ( very similar to the tap water you find in desert areas like phoenix or las vegas ) . while it was n't a complete turn off , it is n't something i could or would drink on a regular basis because the taste just does not have the crisp , clean feeling of a normal bottle of spring/filtered water.still , the idea is one that i believe will catch on with other companies , which will help improve the overall quality of caffeinated water itself.3/5 .
= a good idea , a mediocre result
< not bad , but not great

> this is a nice new twist on chips ahoy cookies . these cookies are a much , much softer version of regular chocolate chip cookies , to the point where the packaging has a big `` gooey '' label on it . after having a few , i can definitely agree that these are exceptionally soft cookies , much softer than the regular `` soft '' chips ahoy cookies . however , it seems like a lot of the other reviewers have complained that these cookies are n't `` gooey '' enough . i definitely do n't agree . for a mass-produced , mass-marketed nabisco product shipped to thousands of stores , i imagine this is about as gooey as you can make a cookies and still have it last to market . it 's not quite `` melting in your mouth , '' but it 's not too far from that either . the flavor is also much richer than regular chips ahoy cookies . these have fudge in them , so there a much richer chocolate taste . overall , if you like chocolate chips ahoy cookies , i suspect you 'll love these . if you are picky about how `` gooey '' your cookie is , then store-bought just are n't ever going to be the same as homemade cookies in that respect .
= pretty gooey to me
< nice new twist on chips ahoy cookies

> the sun is rising and i have stayed up all night reading this book . the first 5 chapters are slow but it picks up quickly from there , do n't give up early.all 3 leads had me tied up in knots . keira made me mad at he lack of guts and often her stunned silence . denny sort of rubbed me the wrong way from the start . too nice , but overly blind and a pushover . kellan was sexy as he 'll and other than a few moments was quite lovable.this is a great story of the fear of intense love . it can save your life or it can destroy you - often time as it does both . they try to fight it and fail , only to break each other again . i was so torn up by this story and knowing there is pt . 2 out there i know drama is not over.this is a great disaster of a love story . not one you would relish telling your kids about - but a love story that has fate , live at first sight and this cosmic pull that would have never allowed anything from stopping it in the end .
= slow start but could not put it down .
< great disaster of a love story

> if you close your eyes and bite into the strawberry stila , it tastes exactly like a crunchier , drier strawberry pop tart ( like you 'd left a pop tart unwrapped for a while ) . so if you love the taste of pop tarts and want a 100 calorie whole grain version , this is for you ( there are 200 calories in one pop tart ) . i 'm not a big fan only because i do n't like the fake strawberry taste much . however , i do like giving this to my 4 year old rather than giving him something like a pop tart . the stila bars come in blueberry as well as apples and cinnamon.the stila strawberry oat clusters i really did n't like . when i opened the packages , they were in little pieces rather than the clusters on the packaging picture . also , they did n't really look like the picture and they are so light as to feel like you did n't eat anything at all . so although i 'd get the stila bars again , i 'd not get the oat clusters again .
= a 100 calorie pop tart
< tastes like pop tarts and strawberry

> the coconut oil comes in a plastic container in a very solid consistency . you have to really did at it to get the oil out . you do not need as much as you would vegetable oil , so keep that in mind.i have been using this product for a little over a month now and i am hooked . why would i use any other kind of oil again when cooking vegetables ? no reason ! i am a true convert . i have used this product for a variety of food products including sweet plantains . i was surprised at how well the food turned . first , your kitchen smells amazing , but the flavor is not strong enough to alter the flavor of your food.i have started using the coconut oil for its beauty benefits and will update this after a few more weeks of use . to date , i am happy with the results . *the vendor/manufacturer provided me with this product for free for the purposes of an honest review .
= great for cooking
< i am hooked !

> i have tried lots of razors in the past , with mixed results . since i have dry and sensitive skin , having a good , moisturizing razor is essential , and i have had good results with the schick intuition plus razors , but they are rather pricey . when i got the chance to get these schick hydro silk razors , i could not pass up the chance and i 'm glad i got them.these hydro silk disposable razors are great for my skin , leaving my skin feeling soft , supple , and moisturized for hours after shaving . the razors also provide a close shave , and the five curve sensing blades are a nice touch and make the razor easy to manipulate over sensitive areas and result in an even shave . the ergonomic handle is an ingenious touch and makes this razor easy and comfortable to hold . i use them at home but they would make excellent on-the-go razors for travel and the gym .
= super smooth , moisturizing , and close shave
< great for dry and sensitive skin

> i can taste the coconut and other fruity flavors . i like this tea quite a bit . i really like my iced tea to be on the sweet side and this tea has not disappointed me . it says it has no aspartame and is sweetened with honey , but it 's actually some honey granules and the rest of the sweetener is sucralose ( splenda ) . i 'm not sure if sucralose is bad for you or not , it 's supposed to pass right on through without being taken up by the body therefore that 's why you do n't have to count the calories from it.i like this tea but am subtracting one star because the advertising is misleading . saying it 's sweetened with honey but actually it 's sweetened with sucralose is in my humble opinion , just plain lying . only a few granules of honey does n't count .
= lipton tea and honey to go packets iced green tea , coconut passionfruit
< not bad , but not great

> this film is just plain cool , i really am not a fan of norton or pitt , but i thought they were just perfect for this film , pitt has never been better , he steals every scene he is in , you ca n't take you eyes off of him , and norton is just as good as the white collar loser..pitt is ab fab and norton 's character is a total zero . helena bonham carter is an odd pick here , she is known for her merchant ivory aristocrates , but she knows this character and she owns it . the twist at the end is of course famous , it will make you want to watch it again..and again . fincher is the perfect director for this , just as he was for seven , and he really knows how to get the most out of his actors . great film .
= fincher 's club
< cool , cool , and cool

> my 2 and 4 year old both have sensitive skin , so we usually use aveeno brand , but thought we 'd give this stuff a try . it goes on smoothly and smells nice . it leaves a nice barrier on the skin and water beads up and drips off the skin , so i know that the waterproof feature works well . it did well on my little ones ' sensitive skin and kept them well protected with no sunburns . it does wear off after about 4-5 hours of hard outdoor play ( sweating at the park , playing in water , etc . ) the only thing about this one is the price , it 's super expensive for the fact that it does the same thing as pretty much every other baby/child sunscreen on the market , but is at least twice the price .
= a little pricey
< works well , but expensive

> i was n't going to read this book at first but i 'm so glad i did ... except for the fact that i now have to wait months to read the 2nd book . my heart just about cracked in two when i reached the end of the book and realized i had to wait for what i had been wanting to know . from the first chapter until the last page i was hooked . my heart was about to jump out of my chest with love for the characters and their connection . i could feel the `` connection '' inside myself like it was me ... my husband was running around the house saying i needed to stop with these types of books . no way . i read it in 1 day and honestly i can see myself reading it again within a week .
= amazingly beautiful , perfect really !
< heart wrenching

> i couldnt stop turning the pages with thus one.it was spectacular ! basicly theres 2 people looking for a bit of irrefutable proof jesus was mortal and well liked but not a miracle man in the form of the `` holy grail '' .what ends up happening is they delve deeper and deeper into the world of some secret society.they never really do say at the end.its chalked full of theology , but im educated in that respect and had no trouble following the book.jesus was a man.but the one god decided to perform miracles through and , of course , his son..im sure this book is gon na piss a lot of people off .i also think it was unwise for whoever to put this out both for thier health and for thier spiritual profile.its interesting to read but ultimately a ultra-let down .
= the 3rd best book ever
< a

> iphone 5 cases have had a little less variety than they will in the coming years , but i was pleased with the quality of this case . it 's durable and does n't look like it will break anytime soon . it 's not flashy , but it gets the job done.the case fits nice and snug . many third party cases are n't designed perfectly and leave a little space which is annoying . though it 's snug , getting the phone out of the case is not a problem , as it has been for many of my cases in the past.if you 're looking for a cheap , durable case , then this one is a great fit for you . it 's a great value and a really nice product .
= study case
< great fit , great value

> this is one of those books that pulls you in from the very first page ; in this case a poem about the murders of the family . the poem is catchy in itself and reminds me of many form my own school days . then you delve into libby day ( the sole survivor years later ) and her point of view . right off i was addicted but also , dementedly , wishing the book actually covered that first murder . all was not lost though as flashbacks quickly played from other times and other player 's points of view ; and libby day decides to find the truth one and for all about that day long ago that her family ended . a great story for any horror or mystery fan !
= dark and addicting
< great story , great story , great characters , great characters

> hot steamy sex scenes~ nothing raunchy or over detailed.rich powerful male however the girl holds her own money wise.kinds of reminds me of bare to you so if you liked that you will like this book . towards the end of the book i was getting mad because jocelyn was so damn bullheaded and would n't just give into love even know it was breaking her heart . i had to actually put down the book for a bit as it was just getting to be too much . jocelyn definitely comes to terms with a lot of demons . braden does to but he is much quicker at it and does n't give up so easily . wonderful ending ... ... ... ... ... .. [ ... ]
= bullheaded hotness
< hot steamy hot

> i poured me a can of this drink into a glass to enjoy the flavor . my first reaction was its bitterness ( it 's espresso afterall ) followed by a sweet but not too sweet aftertaste . there 's a suble creama left in the glass like an espresso would have , but lacking any grittiness.this drink defintely provides a jolt of 155 mg of caffeine for those on the run . its contents contain coffee , sugar , potassium bicarbonate , and potassium citrate . each small can has around 50 calories.i prefer a coffee drink with a slightly less bitter taste . but for someone who needs a fast caffeine fix , this should fit the bill .
= quite a jolt !
< a sweet drink

> i have to be honest and tell you that i have no idea if this sunscreen is effective in the sun or not . i tested it on a small area of my arm and noticed two things . first , i have dry skin and it did n't do a thing for that. , secondly the scent of this stuff is so overpowering it is giving me a headache - and i only used it on a small area of one forearm ! so there is no way i can use it on arms legs and face out into the sun for further testing ... i could not take the smell .
= hate the scent
< no idea , but not a fan

> first of all it 's quite a challenge to do a review for water -- -for pete 's sake . loli received a 50.72 ounce of drinking water to review for amazon . i refrigerated it since i prefer to drink my water cold and then also pour it over ice . what can i tell you ? i do n't think it 's my imagination when i tell you that it does taste smooth . it is refreshing and even though i am not a big water drinker i would choose this product again if i had a chance to buy it.therefore i give it a recommend to buy .
= what can i say ? ? ?
< great water !

> i have several sets of cheap measuring cups , and wondered if i would like these . when they came , i got my baking book and got to work . first they are cearly labeled in large pink letters ! easy to find the correct one at a glance , heavy and they are very easy to clean . shortening came right out . i never feel like the plastic ones are clean until they go through the dishwasher . the hook , unhook is easy to use and will keep them togther in the baking department . i only wish they had the rare 3/4cup size included .
= oxo quality rules
< easy to use

> book 1 flew after 70 or 80 pages . book 2 was a jet , flying from page 1. book 3 is sitting on the tarmac way too long . eventually it too flies , but some editing of the multiple character intros in the first half of the book would be beneficial . an amazing enjoyable series . perhaps some talented writer can finish the 200 pages still on the author 's computer and make sense of the two other outlined books from his proposed series of ten . lisbeth is a great character . start at the beginning and have a memorable time .
= edit , please
< amazing series

> gel antiperspirants are nice to apply , but can easily stain clothing . i indeed had a bit of a darker area on my shirt where the gel touched . i should have waited for it to dry before dressing . apart from that , i like it . the scent is not my favorite , but it is light and not offensive . the antiperspirant does the job . if you like gels and do n't want a strong cologne smell , this is a good option .
= not too strong
< good for a dry shirt

> i love chai tea , but have n't ever tried the indian take on it . this cardamom tea is very good . it 's got a bold , but smooth flavor and tastes delicious both cold and hot . the tea bags are a good size and one in a normal sized mug gives a very strong flavor . i think it 's great tea and will be adding it to my regular tea rotation !
= good , but very strong
< delicious and strong flavor !

> i have waited for what felt like a lifetime for this book , to continue on this painful but inspiring journey of two characters i love more than any two other characters in any of the hundreds of books i 've read . there are no words to express how beautiful this book was for me . this story had to be told ... ..
= wow ... ..
< wow ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

> i will have to say that i had a hard time following this book in parts , but i still read it to the end and look forward to the next book in the series . i was glad to see the emotions work out between everyone even if at times i was a little confused .
= great story
< loved it

> i was n't sure at first so i read part of the free sample and before i finished it i decided to buy it ! i loved it i laughed so hard in places and was in awe also of the love and sacfrice alexa made for her family !
= loved it
< loved it !

> the best of both worlds , nice clean water flavor but the promise of a jolt of caffeine . i also like the bottle itself , it stands out as kind of spacey . who would n't want zero calorie , caffeinated water ? yum !
= brilliant ! tastes like water , gives you a wee jolt like coffee !
< great flavor , but the promise of a jolt of caffeine

> jodi ellen malpas is becoming a favorite ! jesse & ava are progressing in the aggressive relationship they share . lets just say move over gray , there is a new man in town & the lord is taking over !
= the lord awaits
< love it !

> braxxon breaker there are literally no one words to express how much i 'm in love with that hot piece of a** ! `` not to mention you 're fiercely ballsy . you 're not afraid of me are you , angel ? because anyone else who knows who i am would n't speak to me like that . '' even the way he speaks makes you want to drop your panties and just yell at him 'take me ! ' he 's a possessive sort , `` you 're mine ; you 'll do well to remember that , baby . '' there were some things i did n't like but as crystal warned us this book is raw and gritty and seriously not for the faint hearted luckily for me i loved braxxon so much i over looked all his s*** that he did , `` you think i would have you fired and not take care of you ? '' see a woman pisses him off and he gets her fired who does that ? then he has is romantic times , `` my baby is speechless cause i just want to cuddle . '' every woman loves a man who can spoon and cuddle . needless to say winter ( aka angel to braxxon ) does piss him off at times , `` you 're my ol ' lady . i ai n't having you pay me effing rent . are you trying to insult me ? '' i loved having both point of views i loved being in braxxon 's head more because well it was more raw then being in winter 's . i ca n't wait for zz 's story and i 'm hoping after his , pyro 's is next because i really need to know how he copes .
= braxxon
< braxxon breaker there are literally !

> update : i am happy to report that colin firth was not robbed of his oscar . for those of us who have been following him since he played darcy in the '90s , we all could not be more pleased for him.there is really something terribly wrong with the oscars if firth does n't win this time . i can not imagine another actor surpassing this performance . he covers every variable of king george vi 's character and emotions as he struggles with becoming king despite a horrendous stammering problem . the rigid strictures of his childhood as relayed to his therapist indeed make the problem not all that surprising . we discover another bad trait to his abdicating brother david 's character ( as if we needed another one ) in that he ridiculed bertie 's stuttering and stammering to his face from early childhood forward.this is not the only superlative performance , however . helena bonham carter as his wife and queen is also outstanding in every scene . it is quite a love story between these two as well , certainly something else quite unusual in the house of windsor . it is amazing that such a faithful and in love couple could be followed by so many grandchildren who had such trouble finding the same.geoffrey rush is also quite wonderful as the speech therapist and he too shines every time he is on camera . he and firth are particularly marvelous together.even if you do not like royal stories in general , this so transcends the usual royal story in every respect that it is hard to imagine anyone not being won over to this wonderful film .
= colin firth 's most magnificent role yet
< the royal story of colin firth

> this particular chocolate bar was `` perfect '' in my opinion , since i often find dark chocolate bars to be `` too bitter . '' instead , this one seems somewhere in the middle , between the really dark chocolate and the light chocolate . it is smooth , and enjoyable.while the information lists a bar as a `` single serving , '' i consider one square ( there are 6 in a bar ) to be adequate to meet my desire for chocolate , and still maintain my girlish figure . ; - ) background for those who care about organics , fair trade , and sustainability : nell newman co-founded the organics line back in 1982 , and it split from newman 's own in 2001. the company has a serious focus on organics , and is a member of the rainforest alliance , ensuring that the chocolate is not only grown organically , but also in a socially and ecologically appropriate manner . newman confirms that all chocolate is purchased at fair trade prices.since the rainforest alliance recently issued a joint statement with fairtrade and utz certified , you can be assured that this chocolate was not produced by slave labor.for most people considering purchasing these bars , this is not an issue , however , i try to be conscious of social issues , and researched this information for those who find it important .
= not just organic - environmentally responsible
< chocolate and chocolate

> with matchless voice and peerless inflection tony goldwyn renders an outstanding reading of erik larson 's superb spellbinder , which only proves that truth is much , much stranger than fiction.goldwyn , who boasts numerous feature film , television and theatre credits , ably segues between the struggles of daniel burnham , head architect of the 1893 chicago world 's fair , and the murderous machinations of serial killer h. h. holmes whose diabolical plotting made jack the ripper look like an amateur.america was on the brink of a new century , and burnham faced the daunting task of turning of turning a rundown area of chicago into the sparkling , magical world 's fair . he worked with frederick olmsted , the designer of nyc 's central park , and others to achieve the impossible within two years.achieve it he did - and more , creating a place that drew the most important people of their day : thomas edison , helen keller , jane addams , and buffalo bill . the fair became a mecca of innovation with the ferris wheel and the introduction of cracker jack and juicy fruit gum.at the same time holmes was methodically murdering young single women in his horrific creation , a house of acid vats , a gas chamber , and even a crematorium.with impeccable research and astounding detail larson has recreated a momentous time in our country 's history.- gail cooke
= peerless voice performance
< the ripper of the ripper

> i found this gem when it was on sale for 99 cents and geez ... the description did not even tell half the story ! this was a beautiful , sexy , sensuous and exciting book about forbidden love and totally messed up families.kids trying to be smarter than their parents ... parents underestimating how mature their kids really are ... falling in lust and then love with that older man who just happens to be your teacher , but in so many ways the child ends up schooling the adult.this book was very complex ; both the characters as well as the interactions between the high school friends and the adults who are in their lives , went from loving to dysfunctional to healing many times . it started off so fun and flirty and sexy and then went into a whole other galaxy and we are drawn into the suspense and mystery surrounding the truth behind everyone 's secrets.i was unable to put this one down until i read & # 34 ; just one more chapter & # 34 ; until it was done . so good and another pleasant surprise for a bargain price . i was kept on edge and tense until the very last 2 pages hoping things would turn out the way i wanted . see for yourself ... it 's worth the journey . *****5*****hot for teacher stars = )
= everyone had something to learn in this one !
< beautiful , sexy , sensuous and exciting ...

> dream water snoozeberry sleep aid is a drug free liquid sleep aid for those of us who do n't like to take pills and have trouble sleeping . it contains a blend of gaba , melatonin , and 5-htp . both melatonin and gaba are very common herbal sleep aid supplements which you can get separately in various pill forms . 5-htp is commonly used to decrease stress and help you relax and can also be taken separately in pill form.i have taken melatonin for years and it has worked superbly for me , so when i tried dream water it worked as well . i slept through the night like a baby no problems and woke up feeling very refreshed . my only complaint is the `` snoozeberry '' flavor is n't all that appealing , i would give it a 3 out of 5 it 's not bad but it 's not good either.however if you have trouble sleeping occasionally , or if you have an important event and have to make sure you get your rest i would recommend trying this only if you do n't like taking pills . if you do n't mind the pills try the ingredients separate and you will save yourself some money .
= yes it works ! ! !
< a drug free liquid sleep aid

> yes , i have seen many sir run run shaw kung-fu flicks too . but i would never have thought to rip off that genre to the degree that tarentino did in this movie . he even used the same music in spots ! but if you are going to rip off a genre , this is a good one to pick.fortunately , tarentino manages to keep this film from turning into another & quot ; crouching tiger & quot ; ( a snoozefest to end all snoozefests ) by adding alot of bloody shootouts , swordfights and knife fights that are well choreographed . tarentino even managed to throw in some anime segments as well . i was amazed that two of the biggest acting downers in history are in this movie ( uma & quot ; avengers & quot ; thurman and lucy & quot ; any-movie-that-she-was-in & quot ; lui ) but it was still entertaining ! go figure.should you buy this ? i do n't know , i would rent it first if i was you . some poor fools actually paid serious bucks to see this at the theatres - i would'nt go that far .
= pay to see it at the movies ? no . rent it ? yeah , ok ...
< tarentino manages to keep this film

> gold kili all natural instant ginger & lemon beverage is a delicious and satisfying hot tea that reminds me a lot of those gummy , crystal , sweetened , ginger snacks . the aroma is mostly lemon with a decent whiff of ginger . the taste is dominated by ginger with a subtle lemon flavor and a bit of honey . the sweetness and tartness are just enough to lend a terrific complement of flavor . the palate feels smooth , with a medium-light body and huge ginger burn on the back of the throat . while ginger and lemon are n't among my favorite flavors , i really loved this tea and would recommend it to any tea drinker , but especially those who love ginger.i also tried this tea as an iced tea , but since it has no bitterness and only a mild sweetness , the flavors fell flat when cold . the ginger is much less noticeable when cold as well . if you add some black tea and/or sugar , it might work out better as an iced tea , but my recommendation is to drink it hot .
= delicious tea with a kick
< delicious and satisfying hot tea

> we are in the midst of the spring rainy season in the south and each year at this time i change our windshield wiper blades . these blades are very easy to change and although the part finder stated that i needed the wipers with the adapter i did n't have to use it . installation could n't be easier . after removing the old blades these slipped right on with no problems . both blades were installed in less than 5 minutes.we have had rain each day for the last 7-10 days so i 've been able to test these fairly easy . these wipers fit so close to the windshield they appear to be hugging the windshield if that 's possible . they are thicker than the bosch blades i was using and clear the water from the windows well although there were a couple of streaks on the drivers side at the top of the blade but not enough to create visibility problems.they look good on my truck , they 're easy to install and they work . that 's all i ask for in a wiper blade .
= hugs the windshield
< easy to install , easy to install

> these are a great eraser for the price . we 've used traditional 'chalk ' erasers which leave a lot of dust and streaks behind.these erasers seem to suck up all the dust and marker and also take off fingerprints , smudges , etc . to leave a very clean surface for your next use . i use them dry for dry erase marker . to wet them for this purpose seems silly because you have to dry the board again.the white portion is very similar to texture of 'magic erasers ' . the blue part is a soft sponge to go against your hand for easy gripping.i was really surprised at what a great job it did in cleaning completely . it even did a good job on wet ( just written ) lines . it works on markers on acetate if you wet it ( like overhead projector sheets ) but really , who still uses those anyway . it also worked well on a laminated sheet , cleaning it just as well as a dry erase board.a great product at an affordable price .
= leaves your board squeaky clean !
< great eraser for the price

> tide pods are by far the easiest , most convenient tide product available , and it still cleans better than any other detergent on the market . i prefer to use eco-friendly detergents but none that i have tried cleans and removes stains and odors as effective as tide.the pods dissolve completely in cold or hot water . spring meadow is a light scent that lingers even after going through the dryer ( i use unscented dryer sheets ) .i tested the pods with the dirtiest items i could find . i located several dust mops that had been used repeatedly and were completely black with dust and dirt . after washing in these pods they came out of the wash just as white as the day i purchased them . i took before and after pictures i plan to upload soon.i 've already purchasedtide pods detergent , spring meadow , 57 count . it 's much lighter than tide liquid and fits in small storage spaces . i will not be without these in the future .
= convenient and effective
< the easiest tide product

> i love ginger and love trying new teas , so i was excited to try this product . this is an instant beverage mix that come in a pouch and can actually be served in two ways , either cold or hot.i choose to try this product hot , as a tea . there was no steeping involved : the instructions simply stated to add boiling water and then to serve immediately . i did like the ginger flavor , but i think it was the lemon that gave this product and odd taste , sort of syrup-y and medicinal.in the end , as a hot beverage , this was just okay -- drinkable , but that 's about it . i much prefer yogi tea'syogi ginger , herbal tea supplement , 16-count tea bags ( pack of 6 ) ( they also make a lemon ginger for those who want the lemon flavor as well ; i prefer without , but yogi 's certainly does not have the odd taste of this tea ) .
= a bit of an odd taste
< not bad , but not great

> this fast-paced film stars denzel washington as an airline pilot with a drinking problem . when there is a flight crash killing several people there is an investigation . mostly , denzel is worried about the findings of this investigation which causes him to drink even more even though he has a legal team that is doing everything they can to protect him.there are great scenes in this film including the way his lawyers try to spin the facts and save him from going to jail . his fine acting makes the audience identify with him even though it is clear that his drinking problem is out of control and he is guilty.there are no surprises in this film but the acting is really good , the plot moves swiftly and the story is tragic as well as very believable . i saw this film in a theater but i expect it should be available for rental soon . it 's well worth watching and i recommend it even though the formula is familiar .
= well done film about an airline pilot with a drinking problem
< fast-paced film with a great acting

> for a first-time author , this book was actually quite good . you can tell research was done and time was taken with this book . its a very strange sort of ghost story and is certainly more than meets the eye . its unconventional and it works . i really got a sense of who the characters were and what was going on . its all very mysterious , though not alot of action really occurs , which is fine . it 's all in the story , or stories , as you 'll find out if you read this . it is a quick read , not because its short , which it is , but because you 'll be so enthralled , you wo n't want to put it down . i look forward to whatever the author writes next , and i do hope that she does .
= a mysterious read
< a good read

> when i first received this product to review for amazon i was very excited to have a fast and easy to install router . i had bought one a few months ago and it worked just fine , it 's a good thing because this did not for me.it is supposed to be very easy to install and i guess it would have been . i followed the instructions to a t , really anyone can do it . it is just a matter of unplugging your old one and plugging this one in.i think in my case it was a matter of incompatibility.it messed everything up and i was without internet service for two days because i could not get it back on track . before you buy make sure it is compatible to your system , i am sure it will work for you if you do .
= not for me
< works well

> by now , everyone knows the `` big reveal '' of this movie . as far as that goes , it was well imagined and thoughtfully plotted for a new era . other than that , however , this is a basic retelling of star trek ii with a few new twists thrown in for good measure . we get a solid look at a klingon world and what to ( possibly ) expect in the next installment . the performances were sound , though sometimes it really feels like the actors are `` playing '' their characters and not letting the essence of each personality come through naturally ( except for saldana who recreates uhura perfectly ) . the nods to the old series were fun to watch and i expect more tribbles in the future . four stars for this go around .
= good , not great
< a good star trek ii

> shipping for this product should be a little better . it was leaking when it arrived . the outside box was ok , but the box inside that both were package in , the box was wet and soaked with liquid soap , so fortunately , there was not too much that was wasted . i tried the laundry detergent on a load which contain a few stains , dirt and then some . after wash and inspection of clothes i was satisfied with the outcome of the clothes . the stains were out and there was no circular ring left , which i would get sometimes with other soaps . looking forward to trying on another load with more tougher stains .
= ; 0 )
< not a little better

> this book engaged all the way through . i found the story interesting and exciting . i find it very odd that a society could ever diagnose lisbeth slander as mentally retarded but do n't know the qualifications for the designation in sweeden . a girl who is abused all her life is given up for being retarded and incompetent . she does take revenge on men but someone is killing and setting her up for the murder . what can she do ? she is definitely not retarded , a good detective in her own right and a genius at computers . her friend and work partner , mikael blomkvist tries to help and solve the mystery . pretty good .
= better than its predecessor !
< interesting story

> this is an interesting one . i think it is the type of film you either get a feel for or you do n't . and that 's okay . certainly not as miraculous or profound as some think , it 's a wispy daydream carried by a quiet , little story , an etheral soundtrack and an ending that leaves you with , & quot ; what did he say ? & quot ; the performances are consistently great in this fish-out-of-water romance . did it deserve all the attention ? perhaps . but maybe it 's just that we need more of this type of film in our drama- , effects-heavy world .
= a wispy daydream
< interesting performances , but not as good as the first

> i got ta admit i was skeptical about this ieraser product for cleaning the fingerprints off of my ipad screen . and when i attempted to use it on my ipad , iphone , macbook pro and more , my concerns were quickly well-founded . this product is a piece of junk . not only did it not clean my screens , it simply spread the smudge marks around and made the problem worse . i pulled out my soft cloth cleaning rag and made them all look spotless in seconds . save your money and do n't bother with this gimmick .
= what 's this product supposed to do again ?
< not for me

> this is a very graphic blood and guts fight movieusing sharp edged instruments.i do n't like quentin tarantino ( rating r ) very much after having seen a number of his movies : mostly because he is very very good atgrossing me out . a younger me would have hid his head at this movie ; the older me says he hopes no stuntmen/ extras were hurt doing this.i 'd buy shares in his company , because people are going to line upfor these movies . i just do n't have to like his product or the manbehind it .
= slice and dice volume i
< tarantino is a good movie

> this movie had a different feel than previous die hard movies . that in itself did not mean that it was bad , but this movie was just ... ehh . i will say that the twists near the end ( who the bad guy really was , etc ) genuinely surprised me , so kudos for that , but this movie overall was not as good as the original die hard . it was a okay movie , some people will like it , others wo n't . i did like the action scenes though .
= all right
< not as good as previous die hard movies

> though it is a bit expensive , this juice with carbonation has a very sweet , somewhat tangy taste . it is a little too sweet for me.this is my favorite fruit juice combination . this is the only flavor of this `` soda '' i 've tried as well.because of the price i 'm not sure if i 'd buy this or just continue using my juicer.another issue is that it is very high in calories.i believe this is a high quality drink and would recommend it highly .
= healthy alternative
< very sweet

> does the outside match the inside ? this book is so much more than a romance . coming of age does n't begin to cover it . i 'm not sure how to classify it - other than really great . i loved & # 34 ; everybody is a main character to someone. & # 34 ; . how many times do we look beyond the outside packaging ... not nearly enough . it 's an inspiring love story on many levels !
= 4+ stars !
< so much more than a romance

> the bottom line : quantum of solace falls firmly in the middle of the 22 bond films and distinctly behind the excellent casino royale but craig continues his terrific embodiment of the role , olga kurylenko is another interesting bond girl and there are some standout sequences ( the propeller plane chase , the opera scene ) that make the film worthy of a recommendation ; it 's not a masterful film but if you crave 007 it 'll probably serve you well.3/4
= solid bond entry
< 3 , but , and , and

> these are great training pants . my daughter is in size 6 diapers and starting to use the potty . these are a perfect transitional diaper for daytime . they are easy to put on her and the elastic is smooth and comfortable . i find that they fit well and do n't have the bulk in the seat of a regular diaper . they have n't leaked once for me . i will continue to buy these .
= effective and not bulky
< great for daytime

> what a great read , ca n't wait for the next one ! i read this back in february and i reread this series to be ready for this man confessed . missed jesse and ca n't wait another day for release . i think this is the best series out there and i loved it . jodi ellen malpas is the best and i am looking forward to reading more from her !
= the best series !
< love this series !

> brad pitt and angelina jolie manage to do what `` bennifer '' could n't : make a good on- and off-screen couple flick . married spies manage to hide their double lives from each other a la `` true lies '' - but then are ordered to eliminate each other ! it 's a hilarious thriller and well worth watching . pass the popcorn .
= `` hit your spouse ! ''
< hilarious thriller

> a little let down . i enjoyed the book and loved bb , but felt like something was missing , if it would have been cheaper i would have been more ok , but for the price i feel like it should have been more of a book less novella .
= good book
< good

> this was a great read ! ! ! loveable characters and alittle bit of a different story line . the story takes you thru the struggle of a couple who wants a relationship without love . i highly recommend this book !
= would highly recommend !
< great read ! ! !

> finished thief last night and was engulfed in it . i loved it . i was so relieved after reading dirty red.thief had purpose and i felt like i had closure from reading the opportunist.i love caleb drake !
= great ending to the series
< loved it !

> this was a really good book . very emotional she went thru so much when she wad younger . he feel for her the minute he met her . they saved each other .
= helps knight
< good book

> i 've used aloe vera lotions for skin conditions , including sunburn , for many years , and it 's been very effective . i 've read enough about possible benefits of drinking aloe juice that i 've tried different brands of juices a couple of times , but i never liked the taste enough to continue . so it was with a bit of healthy skepticism that i tried a bottle of aloe gloe natural aloe water . i was pleasantly surprised to find what a light , crisp taste it has , definitely reminiscent of a slightly sweet apple like a honeycrisp . the aroma is also like an apple , but not overpowering.i 'm looking forward to seeing if the nutritional and health benefits that are claimed for aloe vera juice are realized . i know that one bottle is hardly enough to learn how beneficial the drink is , so i looked for local distributors on the company 's website . there were two sellers in our area , but they were both out of stock , so i ordered a case ( 12 bottles ) from amazon.my initial impressions are very positive based primarily on the taste . i 've had three bottles so far , and i 'm still liking the taste very much . i 've tried it at both room temperature and chilled , and i prefer it chilled.one note : the product description says each bottle has 35 calories , but the label indicates that there are two servings per bottle at 18 calories per serving . each serving has 5 grams of carbohydrates ( including 4 grams of sugar ) . i 'm drinking half a bottle ( one serving ) at a time , twice a day . i have type 2 diabetes , but the 5 grams of carbohydrates are n't even noticeable on my glucose meter .
= the light crisp taste and aroma of an apple
< a bit sweet , but not a good taste

> while watching `` taken '' i was reminded of several other `` lost child '' films and surprisingly the one which first came to mind was arnold schwarzenegger 's `` commando . '' specifically this movie is what that movie should have been like . liam neeson outshines arnold with a witty and far more sympathetic and charismatic character portrayal.the film 's plot is simple but has enough twists and texture to make it into a fulfilling experience . i could go on and on talking about neeson but i want to say a few things about this movie . following path of revenge besson takes us on a ride that is full of action and the whole story is told in beautiful simplicity . it does n't present nothing new , but the way the whole movie was filmed , with amazing action scenes ( some of them brutal like electricity torture ) and great actor in main role , you got ta ' be satisfied with final outcome . the film takes many turns and even goes on the verge of moral ambiguity but neeson 's charisma pulls the film through even its more preposterous segments.and yes , you know that he 's going to save everyone but then again seagal also saves everyone but 95 % of his movies are sort of dense . that is the magic of this movie cause besson did n't present anything new . you just need to have passable script , good , young director , be european and have good actor in main role . all i can say is that you will still be taken by liam neeson !
= action film that goes back old school
< a great film

> after thoroughly enjoying fellowship , i was excited to read the rave reviews here that suggested this installment to be even better than its older sibling . i read review after review of two towers with people saying this was the best film ever . seriously ? i loved the eponymous books , despite not being much into the fantasy genre in general ( exceptions : t. pratchett , d. adams ) , so the liberties with the original story were already something that i was not terribly happy about . but even aside from that , this sequel just does not cut it in terms of excitement.if it were n't for the climactic `` helms deep '' battle , it could perhaps have been the worst excuse for a 3 hour long film since the first 2 hours of titanic . come to think of it , even this grand finale epic battle is interrupted by the character which epitomizes the slowness of the rest of the film , treebeard . the romance , or attempted romance , between viggo mortenson and liv tyler is so irksome + pointless i wonder if it is included because liv complained about getting a short shrift in screen time . there certainly was n't any need for her character in this film because their romance is distinctly uncaptivating.golum etc are all created pretty well , and deserved the oscar for effects , but it was hardly surprising to see this film skipped from all other major categories.i sincerely hope `` return of the king '' will be a return of the lotr as we all hope to see it !
= good but let 's hope `` return of the kings '' is better
< the best film ever !

> with cast away , i think tom hanks reached a pinnacle of perfection in his role as chuck noland , the fedex exec who gets stranded on a remote pacific island . although hanks had won two oscars previous to this film , it is this performance that articulates mr. hanks ' remarkable talents . the performance is a brave one ; hanks had to undergo a considerable physical transformation and took a whole year to do that . working again with his gump director robert zemeckis , hanks is required to work solo for about an hour of the movie , with very little dialogue . it allows the viewer to share in the experiences that he does , and it gives new insight to our romantic images of tropical islands and such . wilson the volleyball is a wonderful addition as tom 's only `` companion '' on the island and when wilson is lost at sea , hanks ' remorse is nearly devastating to him and the viewer . the movie 's third section is a little depressing in that hanks ' life has changed so much and his loss once again of kelly ( a sturdy but underused helen hunt ) is heartbreaking . the movie has some stunning visual images and the soundtrack by alan silvestri is great . hanks should have won the oscar for cast away , losing it to an over-rated russell crowe . but he sure does n't have anything to be ashamed about . he joins dustin hoffman ( tootsie ) for the oscar robberies of recent years .
= tom terrific
< the volleyball is

> gwen is seriously something else that girl made me crack up , `` ginger . a pain in my ass . a pain in my ass since the day she cut off all the hair on my barbies . she was three . i was too old for barbies but they were mine . she could n't leave them alone ? what 's with cutting their hair ? '' hawk and gwen have a weird relationship but he 's still all 'alpha ' : '' clue in , sweet pea , i keep tabs . `` `` you keep tabs ? `` `` you 're mine so i keep tabs . `` `` i 'm yours ? `` `` babe , i 'm effin ' you are n't i ? `` see weird relationship . in parts of the book i think gwen and how she is overpowered hawk and his 'alphaness ' `` yes , you told me you end things but you live in badass world . i live in the real world and in the real world , when a woman says it 's over , it carries the same weight as when a man says it . '' he still finds ways to be all 'alpha ' though , `` lawson knows me , so does tack . i promise you , sweet pea , i have to do what i have to do to deal with my woman , not a man in your yard will lift a finger to help you . ''
= hawk
< i 'm effin hawk !

> i ordered this when i saw the magic words `` without any air bubbles '' in the description because everyone knows how hard it is to apply screen protectors without bubbles.the visor comes in a sturdy envelope and the instructions are right there in the back and easy to read . first i used the supplied microfiber cloth to completely clean the screen . i examined the screen carefully obliquely under a light to make sure that i got all smudges and dust particles off.then i peeled off the backing and positioned it carefully over the screen . i now know why you do n't get any air bubbles . it 's because it 's thick . the other screen protectors are film , this is more like a thin piece of plastic that can stand on its own . anyway , once i made sure it was position correctly i pressed it down securely and ran my fingers over the surface with the cloth to secure it.the visor 's black edge is slightly off , like when the edges are correctly placed , the camera lens is not in the exact middle of the visor camera cut-out but it 's not a big deal and i do n't notice it at all when i turn my kindle on . tactile-wise , it feels good and restrict the sensitivity in any way.so overall , i like it . it 's a very good screen and most importantly , no bubbles !
= excellent !
< works well , no bubbles !

> having hated the soundtrack the first time i heard it a few months ago , i have to admit i was skeptical to say the least , to check out this movie . but i did , and i 'm gladly surprised : the things that ignorance can trick you into thinking ... this movie is directed by baz luhrmann , the same genius behind the extravagant-yet-amazing version of & quot ; romeo and juliet & quot ; starring leonardo di caprio a few years ago.now , on a similar note , he brings this wonderful work starring scottish ewan mcgregor and gorgeous nicole kidman in front of a production that could be compared to broadway musicals , while retaining a special life of its own , with an abundant sense of humor ( take the blend of lyrics of highly-known pop songs into the most unpexected dramatic situations and the argentinian that falls asleep everywhere , for instance ) and some visuals that will leave you astounded . unconventional as it is , the movie explores a genre that might as well only belong to luhrmann forever , but the matter of the fact is that it accomplishes its goal in storytelling while resulting highly entertaining and filled with some very good acting , specially by mcgregor .
= gladly surprised
< a classic

> i prefer the playtex sport tampon but thought i would try several other options , just to see if there was something better . the playtex gentle glide tampons really disappointed me . i have always thought playtex had much more comfortable applicators than other brands . i think the plastic on these applicators can be a little uncomfortable at times . i also found that the wrapper was very difficult to open . i could n't tear them open . i have to push the tampon through the end . this creates a somewhat loud popping sound -- not ideal for public restrooms . i was definitely disappointed with these tampons , considering there is one version of a competing brand that i found to be a bit more comfortable -- was not the case years ago . i think playtex has taken a step backwards with these . i will definitely continue to use the sport version and hope that playtex does n't discontinue them .
= better options
< not a fan of playtex

> my dog loves these and they are a good supplement to the dog 's meal . since my dog loves funbites , i use them as a special treat . the dog can chew this easily and even older dogs with dental issues enjoy funbites as they can gnaw on them . funbites are more `` chewable , '' thus the appeal for dogs of all ages and dental stages.these flatsticks are ideal for combating `` death breath , '' the strong breath that my dog has . funbites also help keep dogs ' teeth cleaner . use this together with a doggie toothbrush . the rawhide provides fiber . since it is made of beef hide , rice , flour and dextrose , pets are getting carbohydrates as well as fiber in their diets.since it is such a big hit with my dog , rest assured this will not go uneaten for 7 days , per manufacturers ' warning .
= rawhide treat
< my dog loves these !

> i was initially very sceptical about seeing this film , but so glad i did . it made me laugh so much during a number of scenes , which is always a good thing ! it was an engaging storyline about a 40 year old man who gets found out at work for being a big v. his work buddies help to end all that , and along the way you get treated to some brilliant scenes . the best one being the waxing scene , it will make you laugh so loud ! for anyone who has had a wax before , you will understand the humour in it . i also loved the scene when his female boss tries to come onto him in the workplace - extremely funny.only complaint is the film is perhaps 15 minutes too long , but this is only minor . overall , a must see ! it is truly funny .
= many wonderful moments
< funny , funny , and funny !

> finally , an end of the world thriller that is worth seeing ! this remake of 1971 's omega man is a perfect example of how end of the world movies should occur . the flashbacks to the time before the catastrophe tell the story of what actually happen . will smith is really great as dr. robert neville . instead of going on some insane journey to find an unaffected area , he stays right in the heart of the crisis and tries to fix it . he is a great example of a true hero and will smith portrays it perfectly . smith 's personality in a dark and somber movie is a bright spot and his interplay with the innocuous things he encounters is fantastic . will smith make the film , aided by a great story and some really cool special effects . this is a good one !
= the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078
< finally , smith , smith , smith , smith , smith

> this fresh stacks approach is ideal ! i love to make peanut butter and graham cracker snacks , and each of these individually wrapped packs contains eight squares each ( the packaging indicates `` about 8 crackers '' ) which turns out to be just the right amount [ typically ] to avoid leaving open leftovers in the box to lose crispness.the crackers are already in a square shape for many baking and snacking needs . although the crackers have the signature dashed score on the cracker , i have yet to be able to break it straight across as i could with the full sized rectangular crackers.these are the same delicious honey maid graham crackers they 've always been , only now they 're available in this fresh-pack option that 's even more convenient for a brown bag lunch than the original form . i think they 're great !
= individually wrapped half-rectangles
< fresh stacks approach

> iron man is back , and this time he is fighting a terrorist who is trying to destroy everything he loves . iron man goes to battle against this foe , trying to save not only innocent civilians , but his own way of life . this movie is an improvement over the second in the series , but does not stand up to the quality of the first . it does have quite a bit of excitement , which is certainly a requirement for an action film , but otherwise does not really bring anything special to the genre . the visual effects are terrific , and the top-notch actors attached to the film help to elevate its quality . this is not one of the best action films of late , but for a little summer escapism , you could do worse than iron man 3 .
= fun to watch .
< iron man is back

> when you first take the product out of the bag it can be a little hard to unwrap and feel slimy , but that slime is what adds to the pain relieving coolness . the wrap does not stay `` adhered '' to itself as advertised , however this can be easily fixed by tucking it in behind itself ( if that makes any sense ) . you will also notice if you use this product overnight it dries out . this is not a problem since the wrap is easily rehydrated for multiple uses . i have yet to wear this thing out and was quite surprised by how good it works . it could be a little longer to allow for better coverage , but the company may have longer versions i am not aware of .
= surprising reusability
< works well , but not a problem

> hanna and matt ca n't believe she left pot smoker mick and move closer to matt after that little incident well i guess that was the icing on the cake to finally leave mick . i laugh every time matt hang up the phone , that dude need manners on how to say good bye on the phone . matt sarcasm is funny as hell lmao.holy crap this book was so fun to read and i love matt character , he was tense , funny , sweet and a bastard at the same time . his character grab your attention from the beginning and you 'll fall in love with him . the story was freaking beautiful , you have to get it .
= amazing
< matt sarcasm is funny

> there was nothing good about this book and i read the entire 400+pages . the hero was awful telling the heroine he would have her and then discard her , at their first meeting . the heroine did so many 360s she was constantly rotating in this book . she even says he is the expert at mixed messages but what she meant was that her nether bits controlled her behaviour and made her quite mixed up herself . reading this was like taking the worst of this man , in flight and the knight and play series and folding this into one book , in short , an awful book .
= not good at all .
< awful

> this vitamin/caffeine additive to plain water is not overly delicious . it has a rather strong cough syrup flavor , even at a `` small squeeze '' portion , and it is very red . there is not a single direction about how big a squeeze should be , though i suppose at 24 portions , one could divide and assume it is .5 oz . i was hoping for a bit of a morning `` pick up , '' but the caffeine level is not enough for any sort of boost . i 'd rather take my vitamins as a pill and ca n't recommend this water-flavorer .
= how much is a `` squeeze '' ?
< not overly delicious

> i read this in a little under a day . i liked the premise of the story , but i found it hard to follow at times . the acronyms were difficult to follow and i found myself rereading during some dialogues.that being said , the story still held me . i do n't know how to explain it , but i ended up with a book hangover for this book . i keep thinking about parts of the story and dissecting it . how she wrote it was pretty creative and intense.looking forward to her second book .
= book hangover
< i liked it

> i will admit there was more to the story than i had expected . the plot was more complex , and the character development had more depth . having said that , the story seemed to drag on in a few places , and be too full of plot twists that it just got crazy to keep up . hard to follow in a few places , but the good writing and engaging story makes it easy to overlook small bumps in the book . i think the author is one i 'll want to read again .
= selling scarlett - a nice surprise
< a good read

> all 5 of us had to try this out once it came in the mail . it is simple to set up , easy to use and it seems to be quite accurate . at least it is accurate in terms of heart rate and distances . i have no idea about accuracy when it comes to calories.the only reason it does n't get 5 stars is the smallish wristband . it fits all the women and children but not the man . it 's okay , though , because he rarely moves anyway ! ! !
= fun and informative
< good for the mail

> i 'll make this short & sweet : my big fat greek wedding is a laugh riot , and coming from a large italian family , very realistic ! writer nia vardalos stars as a love-starved greek-american girl who meets the man of her dreams ( john corbett ) ... .but he 's not greek , so how to reconcile her plans for the future with her parent 's plans for her ? the cast is great , especially the windex-spraying dad , and the movie is a winner from start to finish . highly recommended !
= hilarious !
< a great movie !

> i want to crawl inside madeline sheehan head and hand out in miles city ! once again she has written an amazing book . i loved seeing how tegan and cages story played out . they were very volatile with each other but loved as hard as they fought . i really loved dirty and ellie too . they were beautiful together . i love how they each protected each other in their own way . i wish we had gotten more of them , but loved what we got !
= mmmmm !
< loved it !

> this watch is extremely easy to use right out of the box . the instructions are very well written and the watch performs exactly as described . for someone who does not have a set exercise routine , it is interesting to see how far one walks each day just doing one 's normal daily routines , going for walks and running errands . and it is fun checking one 's pulse with the push of a button . no complaints to make about the watch/pedometer .
= easy and fun to use
< easy to use

> seeing as how it 's girl scout season we thought we 'd try this oreo to see how it tasted . it was ok. not great . one cookie with cream on top covered with mint chocolate . sounds like it would be a hit but it 's missing that necessary crunch of the second cookie . we put them in the freezer to see if we could get that crunch we were looking for and no go . cookies were ok. but not great .
= they were ok .
< not great

> it has a nice taste : i 've always liked squirt as a kid.the idea that it has vitamins as well is nice.one can leaves me with a full feeling.i tried my first one while it was still warmafter it arrived and it tasted good that way too.i 've tried mixing it with orange juiceand that gives a refreshing drink as well.i think it might make a good mixer with vodka.it is a good drink for a hot day
= squirt and ovaline combined ?
< nice taste

> i am going to have to buy this for now on for my dog . i have to say he was very excited to eat this food . his tag was wagging and he just loved it . this is great for older dogs . it gave him a bit more energy and when i pulled out the bag his tail was wagging like he new he was getting something special .
= goobled it up
< my dog loves it

> it 's brutal , it 's honest , it 's inventive , it 's intriguing . the cast is incredible from leonardo dicaprio to jack nicholson to matt damon to mark wahlberg . i 'm still convinced leo did a better job in blood diamond , but here his acting is equally superb . the directing is great - martin scorsese at his bloodiest and best .
= violence du jour
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> johnny depp plays an arrogant and inexperienced police inspector/coroner sent to sleepy hollow to stop a serial killer who decapitates his victims . this movie was surprisingly better than i thought it would be . johnny depp gives a very good comedic performance . good story . solid plot . good special effects . interesting coloration . all around it 's a very good movie .
= & quot ; sleepy hollow & quot ;
< surprisingly good

> this water taste well ... like other water . off the top i dont care for the price or the long list of suppose special health benefits of essentia , but it taste good and if bottle water helps you get your required daily amount of water then go for it .
= it 's water ...
< water taste well

> i like this product much better than the 360 version . they 're comfortable , absorb well and are easy to carry and conceal . i would recommend these for any young athlete ; teenage girls will find these these intimidating than other tampon brands .
= love the sport version
< great product

> i absolutely loved jake and abby 's love story . it was extremely powerful . i could n't get enough of this book and could n't put it down . way to go katie , you did it again ! ! !
= wow , just wow !
< loved it ! ! !

> a great love story that will keep you entertained and intrigued through to the end . i ca n't wait for the next story to see how their story ends .
= the perfect game
< great story

> i 've been using this for about 6 months & am very pleased with how well it works . i initially installed it on my main pc which was in serious need of a reformatting . despite how sluggish & poorly the pc was running norton performed almost flawless ( one issue would crop up that norton could n't repair ) . thankfully it did not slow down an already bogged down computer . eventually i got around to reformatting the pc & reinstalled norton . it is running flawlessly . it has not negatively affected the performance of the pc in anyway ( it runs like new ) .i have always been a huge fan of norton since i first used it at least 15 years ago . i know people who hate norton so i guess it just depends on your preferences . personally i hate mcafee . i had some serious issues with them a several years back . once that major crash/infection happened to mcafee i vowed to never run all my devices with the same antivirus software . this way should anything major happen , i wont loose all my devices . for my main desktop pc i have norton installed . on one laptop i use avast ! ( it 's free ) . on another laptop i use the free antivirus software from microsoft . i also use trend . out of all of these norton is by far my favorite . my second favorite is avast ! norton does take a little bit of time to install but it 's nothing major . it also is not a pain in the backside when i need to install other applications . it scans what i 'm doing & lets me know if things are okay or not . it does everything quickly & smoothly . it 's just a great program overall !
= love norton
< works great !

> okay , so i read bared in under 5 hours - sat down and sunk into reflected and 4 hours later was a complete mess.the struggles of two abused main characters is beautifully written , the chemistry , obsession and complete raw emotion of this book rocked me to my core . by the end of the book i had a lump in my throat and like a wave , the next morning i cried my eyes out . this series is amazing . it touches on the troubles and torment of love in the midst of abused pasts - which does n't seem to be the most romantic thing to write about . but it is so well written , it comes across that some serious thought and research was put into abusive situations to get the emotions just right . as a survivor of a past abusive relationship it hit on emotions that i thought were long gone , but not in a way that was bad . it completely shattered me to read the 2nd half of the book.their story is beautifully done , a roller coaster of ups/downs that makes you dizzy . as the story progresses you start to put things together in your mind as to what happened in his past and as the pieces fall into place your heart breaks . if you read bared to you and were n't sucked in - give this book a chance . it gives you answers and makes you fall in love with both of them.i have cried during books , typically while i read them . i have never found myself so emotionally stuck hours later . this book broke down a dam of emotions that had been tucked away quite nicely for years . it was amazing and freeing . i ca n't wait till # 3 is out .
= emotionally destroyed and loving it !
< wow !

> review copy : escaping reality is just that , escaping reality , or well for `` amy '' she 's running from reality . many years ago something bad happened , and she had help running away . now when it gets dangerous for her again she is forced to run away . but on the plane to her new destination she meets a beautiful man , who take her breath away . that in it itself is a problem , because amy can not have attachments . she has to run to often , and others can get hurt . but this man , liam , is not going to take no for an answer . so now she and him have a relationship , but amy may realize he is not exactly what he seems to be.i really enjoyed this book . i love `` amy . '' i thought she was an awesome character . but i did n't like the fact that we do n't really ever find out what the heck happened to her , or what she 's running from . and i also think the fact that she trusts her `` handler '' is very dumb . and then the ending frustrated me . i can not believe it just ended like that . now i 'm sitting here thinking what the heck do i do now ? this book just messed with my mind like crazy , and not in the gritty dark kind of way , more like i feel just as confused as the heroine is now . so i seriously can not wait to read the next book . it needs to hurry up !
= very very good !
< what a book !

> mel gibson and joaquin phoenix shine in this & quot ; thriller & quot ; by m. night shamalyan , the gifted young genius who brought us the classic & quot ; sixth sense. & quot ; in fact , these two performances are the main reason & quot ; signs & quot ; is as effective as it is . gibson 's scenes with the man who ran down his wife ( director shamalyan in a credible yeoman role ) and with his wife who is dying are stunning and gut-wrenching . his fight with his lack of faith is also clearly delineated by the talented gibson . likewise , phoenix 's role as the younger brother is touching and convincing ; only wish he did n't whisper so much . and one has to admit the scene where gibson finds his siblings looking like hershey 's kisses is a howler . but overall , the script is ambiguous enough to wonder : why did the aliens leave so suddenly ; why did only one show up at gibson 's farm ? the aliens seemed easy enough to dispatch ; so why such & quot ; horror & quot ; around the globe ? shamalyan 's struggle for & quot ; atmosphere & quot ; overrides the holes in the plot and the lack of any real suspense . though critically acclaimed , this is one of those movies that could have been great , but merely emerges mundane .
= confusing signs
< the aliens

> i 've never had a sahale snack that was n't top notch . this one , the classic fruit and nut combo , is no exception . the fruit , though it contains extra sugar , is n't too sweet , the nuts are crisp and fresh , and the flavor combination is excellent . it 's a bit sweet , a bit salty , chewy and crunchy by turns , so it hits a lot of snack notes.i 've heard it said that sahale snacks are pricey , but at $ 1.10 per unit , they 're cheaper than kind bars ( another of my favorites ) or larabars , and they 're more filling and have a much higher nutritional value than candy , so i do n't find the cost out of line for what you get . they 're gluten free ( for those of you with celiac disease ) , low in carbs ( for diabetics ) and kosher . the bag says 100 % wind powered so i 'm assuming the factory is using renewable energy . good for them ! the sacks are compact and sturdy ; they 'll ride along in purse or pocket and be there for you when you need a snack . if you 're trying to eat healthier food , this might be just the thing for you . and if you like honest flavor , you 'll get it here .
= another winner from sahale
< a great snack

> walking disaster is the '' equal '' to beautiful disaster , the same story told by travis 's perspective . entering travis 's life when he says goodbye to his dying mother , you discover the feelings , heart and man behind the outlandish life style.travis is at the top of is game and believes he can take on the world , until abby come crashing in . at every attempt , it seems he is sucked deeper into the irreversible pull of pigeon ( abby ) . her reactions confuse travis , to him she is a vital as air ... but with no way to express his feelings the miscommunication between them creates inevitable drama.i absolutely enjoyed this story . it was brilliant of jamie mcguire to give us the opposite perspective to her marvelous beautiful disaster . you see the hurt and emotional turmoil behind trav 's behaviors . from the prologue i was hooked . this book was worth reading , just for the ending ! ! ! wow ! ! ! ( sorry no spoilers , you 'll have to read it ) . i have to admit i liked abby 's book better but both books are riveting reads making walking disaster 5 stars ! this arc copy of walking disaster was given to me by atria books in exchange for a honest review . this book is set for publication on april 2 , 2013 .
= walking disaster
< walking disaster

> the greatshield screen protector for kindle fire comes with a cleaning cloth and a tiny card . it was easy to apply , but i recommend using a credit card in lieu of the card provided . the screen protector may be removed and reapplied , as i did a few times . it leaves no sticky residue . there are a few tiny bubbles i could not get rid of , but they are not that noticeable since they are closer to the edges.the matte quality gives the screen a cool , frosted look , which is pleasing to the eye . this cuts down on glare significantly . i can go outside on a sunny day and read without a problem . indoor lights do n't reflect , either.even better , the fire 's screen retains its touch sensitivity ; and though my screen still smudges , but it does n't smudge nearly as much as it did when it was naked.the manufacturer does warn about a slight pixilation of the screen , because this is a matte screen protector and it can not be avoided . i do n't notice pixilation unless i have the brightness set too high.screen protectors are one of those products i would have tossed away if i did n't like it . it 's still on my fire . i like .
= no more glare !
< works well , but does n't smudge nearly well

> i have been using melatonin supplements for the past couple of years with great success.i tried dream water 'snoozeberry ' for 4 nights and i easily went to sleep and woke refreshed with no lingering negative feelings.it tastes good , but it was a bit sweet to me.each bottle is one serving , approximately 2 swallows.as of today , the going price is averaging $ 2.50 per bottle , that 's $ 75 per month.i usenature made melatonin tablets , value size , 3 mg , 240 counttoday price is $ 8.94 for 240 tablets , an 8 month supply . that 's only .04 per day or $ 1.20 per month.the other supplements in this are also inexpensive.gabanow foods gaba 500mg with b-6 , 200 capsulestoday 's price $ 15.16 / .08 per pill.5-htpnow foods 5-htp 100mg , 120 vcapstoday price $ 17.48 / .15 per pilltotal of $ 0.27 per day vs $ 2.50 ~ that is a huge difference ! a big issue i take with dream water is the lack of disclosure on the box , bottle or website indicating how much of each supplement is in each serving.i was instructed by my doctor to take melatonin , however she also told me that the key to its effectiveness is consistency . taking the correct dosage every night , not only once in awhile .
= taste is good & it works ... ... . but expensive
< good , but not as good as melatonin

> if a book does n't grab me by page 100 then i usually just set it aside . this book was recommended by a friend and i thought in defference to her i would continue on . i should have just trusted my first gut instinct . although the premise is an interesting one , the book never got off the ground and toward the end it kind of stagnated even more . the author threw in more characters at the end and they really added nothing to the plot , i kept waiting for an explanation . the romance was not hot , it barely simmered . at least a hot make out session was in order . i have so many questions about the ending that i 'm sure will be alluded to , even if not answered , in the next book.on the plus side ; the author obviously researched places such as oxford university and the hierarchy of that institution , the living areas and the library . all of which i found interesting . i also enjoyed the fantasy of the witches ' house . it was another character in the story .
= not bad , but not really good
< a good book , but not great

> one week after reading the original 'twilight ' i found this book for a cheap price at a flea market , so i decided to pick up where i left off . i still like the original better . bella is still suicidally in love with edward cullen . on her 18th birthday , the cullens throw her a party . she gets a papercut and jasper tries to kill her . a few days later , edward decides to leave forks , washington because he and his family pose a threat to bella . over a period of four months , bella goes into a deep dark depression . she befriends jacob black , and whenever she tries something dangerous , she can hear edward 's voice . when she almost drowns from cliff-diving , edward thinks bella is dead , so he goes to volterra , italy and ask the volturi to kill him . when they refuse , he will reveal what he is at noon and front of thousands of people unless bella can stop him . if you love the twilight series , you will definitely love new moon ! ! !
= suspenseful & addicting ! ! !
< love the twilight series ! ! !

> i have a weiner dog . he 's not very picky about his treats because he does n't get them very often . these bones make him have to actually chew his treat instead of just gobbling them down . the bag comes with about 60 bones in each bag . they are thin and narrow . on the packaging and on their website , they talked about how much calcium is in each bone . i never noticed any signs of my dog enjoying more or less due to this . his teeth did n't get better in the couple weeks he has been eating them either . yes , there are other treats he prefers especially if i hold one in the right hand and this treat in the left . he will choose something else almost everytime because the funbites do n't have a strong smell and may not have a strong taste . however he 's never turned one down when i 've gave it to him and he 's never not finished one . overall , it 's not a bad treat for dogs to have .
= good bones for the price
< not a bad treat

> taking any book and making it into a movie is difficult . the bookthe hobbitis no exception . i could be critical about how the book is better in this review , but that wo n't make a movie review it would be a book review . this blu-ray/dvd/ultraviolet digitalcopy combo pack is excellent quality . my wife and i enjoyed the movie as much as the other movies about the ring . in the hobbit you get to find our how bilbo baggins first found it while on an adventure with thirteen dwarves and gandalf . middle earth is not as dark as in the previous ring movies since `` the hobbit '' takes place before the others and the main enemy is a fire breathing dragon named smaug . there are orcs and trolls , but they are not as numerous and mostly stay hidden in the mountains . any fans of the ring movies will want to add this to their library as well . i 'm looking forward to the hobbit sequel about smaug.ca luster
= the hobbit : an unxepected journey
< the hobbit

> since i am 1/2 german , this reminded me of the fairy tales by grimm , with which i grew up . although there are many sweet and innocent parts in this film , overall , it appears cruel , sad and jarring , which is different than most fantasy type films . the power of the child 's imagination is juxtaposed very effectively against her ultimate defeat in the end , but the metaphor of her death and the rejoining of her parents resonates with many fantasies we have with the afterlife experiences in many culture . this film does an excellent job of blending several genres together . visually the film is startlingly beautiful , the pq is absolutely amazing on the hd dvd . the characters are believable and invoked a significant amount of emotion , a fantastic accommplishment , and in the often time `` cookie cutter '' hollywood arena . great film , highly recommended and a `` different '' kind of intense film experience .
= wonderful fantastical story with a hefty dose of realism
< a beautiful fairy tale

> erik larson leads the reader into a chilling , puzzling world of the earlier days of the third reich . i found it especially effective because it is natural for today 's reader , knowing well what was ahead , to not initially grasp that the family entering berlin at the time were exposed to a threatening but not fully understood situation . larson 's depth and varied perspectives make one feel the terror and confusion along with the characters.this book is not for the faint-hearted - in fact , for all my knowledge of the era , i had to read it in 'small doses ' not to be overwhelmed . we all have shuddered and been sickened by footage from auschwitz , but the less obvious , dramatic beginnings , which the us family come to recognise , are a chill of another sort . i highly recommend this for the shelf of anyone interested in history , political philosophy and related fields .
= truly captures the period
< a chilling , puzzling world

> fans of stephen king novels who expect a supersized tome from this prolific and popular writer might think that joyland is more appetizer than entr & eacute ; e. they would be wrong . while it comes in at fewer than 300 pages , this is a complete and satisfying novel that provides enjoyable entertainment and reading pleasure . protagonist devon jones spends a summer college break working at an amusement park while he grieves losing his girlfriend 's affection . king develops jones with great skill and draws readers into a crime novel plot that tells a great story . a boy suffering from muscular dystrophy serves as a medium for a spirit stuck on a ride in the amusement park . king sells so many books because he tells great stories , and this paperback crime novel is no exception.rating : four-star ( i like it )
= medium
< a great novel

> as the legend foretells `` three rings for the eleven-kings under the sky , seven for the dwarf-lords in their halls of stone , nine for mortal men doomed to die , one for the dark lord on his dark throne , in the land of mordor where the shadows lie . one ring to rule them all , one ring to find them , one ring to bring them all and in darkness bind them . '' the dark prophecy emerges when frodo baggins finds out that he has the ring and he has to keep it from falling into the hands of anyone who can not withstand the evil luring within it . the lord of the rings is a true adaptation of j.r.r . tolkien 's book with the same name , and it provides an excellent cinematic experience with an truly talented cast .
= a true j.r.r . tolkien adaptation !
< the lord of the rings

> not much on so called natural remedies that nine times out of ten are just marketing ploys for attributes that are highly dubious ... but i have to admit that after drinking one of these i slept like a baby for a whole night without my usual pitching and turning every couple of hours . the next morning i woke feeling rested and with more energy than i had had in years . i am impressed . no over the counter remedy ( or prescription for that matter ) had given me a nights sleep since 1987 and with no side effects at all ! ! in the past prescription drugs have worked for awhile but the trade off in side effects has not been worth it . i am so glad i found this !
= it works !
< great for energy !

> bumkins reusable sandwich and snack bag are absolutely perfect for children and snack lovers of all ages ! made from easy wipe waterproof fabric this reusable sandwich/snack bag is machine and hand washable . the large size is 7 '' inches by 7 '' inches and is big enough for your standard peanut butter and jelly sandwich or veggie sticks and sliced apples . my daughter absolutely loves her snack bag and it 's made school lunch time even more fun.they come in a variety of colors and patterns ranging from dr. seuss cat in the hat to turtles and trucks . thanks to bumkins i 've stopped buying ziplock and brown paper bags and put all my kids snacks in their reusable bags . they 're environmentally friendly and i love them .
= stop buying plastic sandwich bags !
< perfect for snack bag !

> peeled snacks organic apple clusters cinnamon crunch did n't agree with my taste buds and i did n't enjoy the taste of these at all . i ate a few of the apple clusters and could n't really take the taste of them any longer , so i drank a little water and tasted them again but that did n't help.the apples are really tart which make them difficult to enjoy and the crisp of the clusters did very little to improve the taste of these snacks . i tried these by eating them straight out of the bag but when i saw that the taste was not good i tried mixing them with my favorite yogurt and yeah that did n't help any . good concept but very poor execution .
= not very tasty
< not bad , but not great

> i 'm one of the few people who did n't get into this movie . i like kate winslet ( especially in `` hideous kinky '' and `` titanic '' ) , am not a fan of jim carrey . this film has it 's moments , but gets too intricate and complex towards the end . if you suffer from dyslexia , for get about it ! i aprreciated the cinematography , but the story , i could care less . art house types probably drool over this film , i 'm like eh , yeah uh huh ... ... ... ... ... .who cares ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! next please !
= shut up and dance .
< i ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i have n't read a book that has moved me more in a very long time . the themes of racism , forgiveness and redemption are so powerful that i will remember this book for a long time . the style of the prose is not overly literary but it 's compelling and well-done . the fragmented sentences ( a pet peeve of some reviewers here ) are completely appropriate and if you let yourself into the story and the lives of these characters , your reading experience will be rewarding and memorable . i highly recommend this book . `` there are many children in afghanistan , but very few childhoods '' . ( i 'm paraphrasing , but i love that line of the book ) .
= run and read `` the kite runner ''
< a great book for a long time

> i started using this on my trail to keep the deer away , now i have been spaying it around my straw garden . i have not had any problems with deer or squirrels eating my plants . the sprayer works fine , and it does n't hurt pets or wildlife . you do have to spray again after it rains , but other than that , this has worked pretty well for me so far . the instructions say to clean the sprayer to prevent clogging , but i have never bothered to do this . it has never clogged up on me . the product is made from eggs , but i have never really noticed any smell from using this .
= so far , so good
< works well

> i do n't usually use the disposable razors but decided to try these out . i normally use the schick hydro 5 regular razor and have liked it and thought that these might be good to try in case i 'm in need of a good razor for traveling or as a backup in case i run out of blades . it works almost as good as the regular razor . clean cutting shave without cutting the skin and no rash from razor burn . since i have found the hydro 5 i have n't found another blade i like better . this is the best one out there in my opinion and worth the money for the performance it delivers .
= awesome !
< works great

> this latecomer takes its place at the historical head of the line in the x-men movie franchise . prequels are a great way to add zip to a franchise without troubling actors who might have tired of their roles , and the fresh faces for familiar characters add plenty of zip to this one.still , it 's just a summer movie and a comic adaptation at that . you know , cookie-cutter stuff . that can make good cookies , and this makes a good movie , of its ilk . pop the popcorn , hope for a rainy afternoon , and enjoy ! -- wiredweird
= enjoyable prequel
< good movie

> as the title and summary says this book is about a dysfunctional relationship , so no surprise there . it is written beautifully and believable . i work in college/high school and some of the characters remind me of my students.i picked the book up because of the amount of reviews it had , is not a book a would typically buy , so i was surprised to find that i loved the book . since finishing it , i proceeded to buy two other books from the author . i will be re reading this book , is a keeper for sure .
= awesome fast read !
< a dysfunctional relationship

> i 'm not the biggest fan of dark , gothic-like films . but this film looks interesting . the ides of a vampire-werewolf battle film sounds awesome ! i think that kate beckinsale is one of the most beautiful and talented actresses in hollywood ( why they did n't choose her for `` tomb raider , '' i 'll never know ) , and she looks extremely sexy in this one ! i 'm gon na try to see this film , are you ?
= underworld
< a great film

> i have this case in black . i love it . the sleekness is amazing . so similar to the silicone cases yet so incredibly different . it 's easy to slip on the phone . it comes with a bottom , top and screen . snaps into place easily . i had the otter case and it was so bulky an the silicone covering broke and ripped and stretched . this material on the slim armor case is great .
= solid and sturdy
< love it !

> this is a solid wireless card . it worked out of the box with windows 7. drivers and utility that came with the cd worked out of the box , no issues there . great reception within the same room , so not sure about reception at longer distances . transfer rates are very good . one drawback is that it is not a 5ghz card and can only connect to 2.4ghz networks .
= solid product
< works well

> beg is a short erotica story that will leave you wanting more . wow , i must say that i just love jonathon and monica is awesome too . i am so looking forward to the next books .
= wow
< wow

> i freaking love will . this is a sweet romance with lots of hilarious scenes . i love when the girls all get drunk . megan has a hard time with trust but she thankfully gets over it .
= arrogant ? not
< love will

> i absolutely loved this book ! writing is awesome , i could n't put it down . now if i could just read the next one ! 5 stars ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
= awesome
< loved it ! ! ! !

> love all the jarrow vitamin supplements . jarrow has done it again with the amazing lutein formula for increased eye support . my 80+ father in law who had macular degeneration swears by this .
= excellent lutein vitamin supplement formula for increased eye support .
< great product

> i always approach translations with a high degree of caution . what can be beautiful writing in one language becomes clumsy in translation . after a friend recommended the girl with the dragon tattoo , i exercised that caution and approached this sprawling almost 500-page mystery with caution . what i found inside overcame any concerns about translation problems . the stories of two central characters are presented separately and then merged , within the structure of trying to solve a forty year old missing persons case . mikael blomkvist is a journalist recently convicted of libel , and is heading for jail , placing his periodical in jeopardy while he is absent . the title character , lisbeth salander , works as an investigator for a security firm , and uses her prolific hacker skill to find out everything about anyone . her lightweight body and multiple piercings and tattoos disguise her skills and talents from those unwilling to look beyond appearances . lisbeth has a photographic memory that serves her investigative role well , but she struggles with personal interactions and in relationship with others . the action accelerates when octogenarian swedish industrialist henrik vanger employs blomkvist to write a history of the company and the vanger family , provided he also examine and investigate the forty year ago disappearance of henrik 's neice , harriet . blomkvist asks lisbeth to work with him to investigate the case . along the way , they find violence and evil , and uncover family secrets that henrik vanger would just as soon keep quiet . the girl with the dragon tattoo is steig larsson 's debut novel , and it will be followed by two others . to the dismay of readers and friends , larsson died in 2004 , so these books will be his first and last.rating : three-star ( recommended )
= persistence
< caution

> received from netgalley for an honest review ! torn from you begins with us getting to see a little bit about sculpt/logan 's relationship with emily . we see these two starting a beautiful relationship . and it 's something that could actually last the long haul . but there are a few problems these two must go through first . and they are n't normally problems . nope not at all.emily gets kidnapped . the whole first thirty to forty percent of the book is about her being kidnapped . it was not something fun or exciting to read . it was heartbreaking , and frightening . then we get to see more of this book , and more of emily and logan.i do n't want to say too much because it will ruin the story . but wow ! it was really crazy what happened in this book . sometimes i hated logan , and then sometimes i understood a lot of the things he was doing . i loved how the book was written , and the characters are wonderful . it was n't just the heroine and hero who have a story , and the next book 's story is set up in this one as well . i loved getting to see how logan and emily came back together . it was really something that was beautiful , but also kind of hard to read/watch . so i have to say over all the book was very good . it is not for the faint of heart , so if you want just a beautiful romance with out anything dark then i do not recommend this one . but other wise this book is really awesome ! more reviews at shooting stars reviews , [ ... ]
= twisted and awesome
< torn from you begins !

> this is a lovely book that takes two lives and runs parallel stories that intersect at various points . our main character , julia , is an american woman in her mid-forties who has married and settled in france . she has lived half her life there at the point that the story opens . her marriage is a bit strained , but it seems fundamentally ok.what changes everything is that she is given an assignment for her writing job : write about the 60th anniversary of the paris roundup of the jews in 1942. what she discovers , and how it impacts her own family is the basic story.as it happens , the apartment her husband 's family has lived in since july , 1942 , was available to them because a jewish family was arrested . as a counterpoint to julia 's story ( her research , plus her growing problems with a very self-centered husband ) , there are alternate chapters that take us through the story of sarah , the 12 year old member of the jewish family that was arrested in 1942. it is heartbreaking . the key of the title is a key that is used to lock and hide one member of the family in the apartment ( they thought they would be right back ) .what a tragedy . this is a very , very sad book . like all good books , however , there are many life affirming moments , and the author is clever with her pacing and characterization so it never becomes just impossible to read.i recommend this book without reservation !
= very moving
< lovely book , but a bit too much !

> in forks , washington , after having recovered from a vampire assault ( see twilight ) , isabella `` bella '' swan celebrates her eighteenth birthday with her boyfriend and rescuer edward cullen and his family of vampires that are `` vegans '' ; never drinking human blood . however when bella cuts her arm , edward and his kin struggle to control their desire as the trickling red liquid is like catnip to them . they do not harm her , but he realizes they can never be together and ends their relationship breaking her heart.bella is depressed until she meets ford high school sophomore jacob , a sophomore from her school who belongs to a motorcycle pack . she begins to come out of her funk though she misses edward . however , she soon learns what the pack truly is and what jacob will become ; a natural enemy of edward ; not just because they like the same girl.the second bella tale is a terrific paranormal young adult thriller as the heroine is sort of like marshall teller of eerie , indiana landing in one bizarre situation after another . this time the vampires show up towards the end of the tale as bella learns there is a lot more species under the sun ( make that the moon ) than humans . although jacob behaves towards bella identically the same as did edward in twilight even considering the first person filtering of the heroine in peril , fans will enjoy watching what happens on the new moon on the olympic peninsular .
= terrific paranormal young adult thriller
< a terrific paranormal young adult thriller

> until november is essentially about a girl who if finding where she belongs . november was attacked in new york city where she was living . she decides she no longer feels safe in new york and moves to tennessee . her dad , who had been absent most of her life ( although not his fault ) , lives in tennessee and has invited november to move in with him . making this move ends up changing november 's life forever.warning -- you have to be okay with instalove for this book to work . i normally am not but the author created a unique twist on instalove . the male protagonist and all the men in his family have a curse , for lack of better terminology , that causes them to fall in love quickly with the person they are meant to be with . there is a lot of caveman talk and throwing the female protagonist around . this is where the book lost a star from me.i found the female protagonist 's voice to be fun . we occasionally get a chapter from asher 's pov but it 's mostly from november 's pov . there were a few editing errors that were a little annoying . overall , an enjoyable book . i will be continuing on in the series .
= fun book with a few twists
< a unique twist on instalove

> let 's keep this review short and sweet ... and hopefully helpful . to start , the story is nothing new ( seen top gun anyone ) , the acting is mediocre at best , the `` plucky female '' introduced at 23mins is stale , and the movie flat out drags at some points . that being said , stick with it ! the action scenes of robots vs monsters are well worth putting up with the movie 's flaws . if that other giant robot movie franchise had been 1/10th this good ( or had such clear and viewable effects ) maybe people would n't hate those films so much . on that note , it is worth mentioning that you can actually follow the action when the fight scenes take place . they are clear and you can always tell what is going on . there is not a single `` overly dark '' scene hiding the effects . with that , the effects are not `` over-done '' or lame . they are all completely believable within the context of the film . you will believe what you are seeing.to repeat , the story is nothing new , but the fight scenes ( you know , what you are actually watching this type of movie for ) are spectacular !
= not perfect , but the action is worth it
< not bad , but not great

> the bourn identity is a pretty good action film . to give you a brief idea of the storyline- a man wakes up in the ocean ( matt damon 's character ) has absolutely no idea where he is , realizes he does n't remember anything from the past two weeks prior to the incident , meets an attractive young woman while in the city , and they both spend the entire time running from the police around germany and france.while it 's a pretty easy plotline to follow , it unfortunately does contain some unsatisfyingly dry and quiet moments that feel really tacked on and unnecessary , dragging the overall score down a few notches.also , i was never really sure whether damon 's character had superhero strengths , or whether these devastating moves of his were just your typical far-fetched action segments on the part of the hollywood directors . i 'm not necessarily complaining about it- just wondering if those power moves he was delivering to the bad guys had an explanation of some sorts , or were we not supposed to acknowledge damon 's amazing power ? lots of shooting , fighting , and yes , even some romance scenes take up a good portion of the bourn identity . not a bad film however .
= a good film for action cravers
< good action film

> there are a couple of different aspects of this product . the first being the food itself . simple , organic , healthy , as much as it can be anyways and still be shelf stable . the expiration dates seem to be short , which is reassuring that there are not many additives in it , however you might want to keep your eye on it.the packaging is the other aspect of this . since you can easily squeeze it out on to a spoon without touching the spoon , you can easily seal this up and use it again without worrying about bacteria from your child 's mouth . the alternative is the kid could just eat the food directly , which is great if the kid can do it and is going to eat it all anyways . this makes it great for on the go.i do n't think there are many downsides , unless your child does n't like the greens mixed with the pear , since it does make the taste a bit strange ( at least to my adult palette ) .
= no mess , easy reuse , great for on the run
< great for the kid 's mouth

> viva labs ' coconut oil was my first venture into cooking with coconut oil . it comes cold-pressed and has the consistency of hardened shortening . but , that is where the loose resemblance to shortening ends . viva labs ' coconut oil smells great , tastes great , and adds a hint of coconut/sweetness to whatever i cook . i have also eaten teaspoons right out of the container & the coconut oil has a pure coconut flavor - a light flavor that is quite pleasing.overall , the coconut oil does not leave my food greasy & the added , subtle flavor addition really enhances some of the meals that i cook - i 've used this coconut oil with chicken , popcorn & oatmeal cookies . everything was quite tasty.i am almost finished with my container & coconut oil will stay on my shopping list now that i 've discovered bow much i like it . **disclaimer**viva labs sent me their product for review purposes . the review is my own opinion & viva labs did not request/require a positive review .
= aromatic & tasty . great for cooking/baking .
< great coconut oil with a light flavor

> sounds silly , but i was so excited to see these offered on amazon vine . i am not disappointed . i cut a lot of tape to put over my labels for items that i sell . - i worry about the ink running . the tape that i have is great but too big for the labels . in the past this was a nightmare . the scissors i was using would gum up so fast i felt i spent more time cleaning them than working on my labels.now , all i need to do is firmly rub these with a damp cloth to get the goo off . a quicker way is some rubbing alcohol . yes , they do get gummy but it takes much longer . aside from that they are nice and sturdy . very comfortable in my hands & i have carpel tunnel . they are super sharp & cut nice clean edges . there is nothing to complain about , they are great ! well worth getting yourself a pair or two !
= these scissors are a dream come true !
< great for my carpel tunnel !

> this is easily the best film that i have seen in the early stages of 2006. the acting is great , with the faceless hugo weaving playing v with great physical presence and an intelligent voice . natalie portman turns in one of her best performances here which shocked me to say the least . she even looks hot bald ! the visuals , music , set design , and action scenes are perfect without being overdone . this is a thinking action film , heavy with smart dialogue and interesting ideas . some people are looking for a buried political message about our government in this movie , but it is based on a graphic novel written long ago . the government in the film has more in common with the nazi party and hitler than anything going on today . i will be seeing v for vendetta at least once more in theaters and will add the dvd to my collection the day it is released .
= v is good , real good
< the best film of the year

> definitely a great epic movie , master and commander : the far side of the world , brings to the screen the story of `` lucky jack '' aubrey , captain of the hms surprise , as it hunts down the acheron , a french privateer.their quest takes them from the coast of brazil across the treacherous waters off tip of south america to the galapagos isles in the pacific ocean.the film combines action and adventure making it one of the best of its kind , thus , resurrecting interest in sea bound adventures after a long dormant period.russell crowe , billy boyd , and paul bettany , have outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding , making this movie one of the best of its kind . the setting , the special effects , the music and the costumes are all wonderful ! ships , battles , and swordfights are all about.in short , it is a movie worth watching !
= a movie worth watching !
< great epic movie !

> i gave this movie 4 stars , but it probably deserves about 3.75. tom cruise is excellent as a brooding us army captain who is an alcoholic constantly haunted by his past . he is offered a job to train the emperor of japan 's army in ( what was at that time ) modern warfare and help him wipe out some local troublemakers in the form of the last band of samurai 's . cruise gets captured and slowly comes to realize he 's been on the wrong side in a journey of self recovery and honor . very well acted all-round with some excellent action scenes . the director cleverly does not fall in to any typical clich & eacute ; s , and the plot seems like a history channel biopic rather than an allegory . some nice cameos from not least billy connolly , and a very moving and thought provoking movie . - enjoy
= sweeping saga overlaid with good performances
< a great movie

> this film recalls to me a recurring sketch on the old `` saturday night live '' called `` what if ? '' . it should n't be surprising that two of the film 's producers are will ferrell and his longtime collaborator adam mckay . this film is an uneasy marriage of tongue-in-cheek humor and gory violent action . that said the humor does make some of the more stomach churning effects palatable . i did giggle at some of the gags notably the hand drawn pictures of missing children glued to clear glass milk bottles or the kid offering gretel a bowl of porridge . it 's also pretty amusing making hansel a diabetic . the film is intermittently clever but wears out its welcome even at an economical eighty-seven minute running time . this is n't a bad film but an eminently forgettable one .
= fractured fairy tale
< a

> i was hoping that these apple clusters would be an easy portable snack to carry in my purse , for when either my toddler or i were hungry . unfortunately , eating them is like trying to chew pebbles . one of my teeth ached for several hours after i chewed a couple of the clusters . if you can get past the consistency , the taste is actually pretty good . the clusters are slightly tart , and have a mild cinnamon taste.my toddler tried these , and walked over to the garbage can and spit it out . however , she did like them when i added a few to a bowl of cheerios , and poured milk over them . based on our experience , i will not be purchasing these in the future .
= hard as rocks ...
< good taste , but not a good taste

> pixar is amazing , not only does their animation blow away everyone else , the characters and plot lines are deeper and more compelling . great fun with some real poignant moments . i had to warm up to a movie about a rat , i have this thing about rats , but in a way the movie plays up to this fear and eventually you will find yourself wrapped up in this film . it is funny , wonderful and enchanting . oh yeah , the kids loved it too ! it is the `` hot '' film right now , their fav , the incredibles and nemo used to hold this estemmed perch . that ole pixar magic strikes again !
= pixar magic !
< the best pixar movie ever !

> i picked up a copy of the book from my local library just to find out what everyone was talking about . i have fallen in love with the the black dagger brotherhood . i really enjoyed jr ward 's character building , and with so many characters , it was especially nice that jr ward managed to make them individuals . a really great storyline- in fact i liked it better than the first book . its a great twist to have the hero fall for someone with a terminal illness , and i am really looking froward to the next books in the series to see what else the author comes up with .
= lover eternal bdb # 2
< great start to a series

> you weigh it as you heft it . this is heavy . a commitment . you hope all the praise is true.this one is worth it . a little over hyped . much better than `` the strain '' . not groundbreaking . the first third flies . the middle drags . the end ties stuff together and sets the stage for the next . a little editing could help . the author makes us work to know a lot of people and then snatches them away , with the speed of the monsters . do n't invest too much in these people , they die . like in real life . a talented writer .
= a book is like a present
< a little over the top

> these bars are sweet and yummy . they definitely zapped my sweet tooth and left me feeling satisfied . they had a strong vanilla flavor , with a hint of marshmallow and they were pretty sweet . even though i liked them alot i would have enjoyed them even more if the vanilla flavor had been a wee bit weaker and the chocolate flavor a bit stronger . the consistency reminded me of a rice krispie treat , and in fact they tasted alot like them ! if you are a big fan of vanilla you will really like these .
= these are yummy
< sweet and sweet

> i truly enjoy my kindle fire . i love my grandkids . but when the two of them cross paths , i worry about scratches.great shield ultra anti glare screen protector helps , but as much as other brands , and at a cost . it mutes the colors , makes the screen darker , and does n't make much of a difference with glare . it also feels flimsy and cheap . but then , being cheap is it 's biggest attribute.for a better value for your money , go with moshi ivisor ag anti-glare screen .
= just ok
< great for kindle fire

> my teenage daughter have tried numerous deodorants and antiperspirants . this one is top notch . it comes in a variety of scents or unscented . with previous deodorants , she often felt like she would need to reapply midday , this is not the case with this . she said she felt protected the entire day , whether working hard , working out or just hanging out . plus the price is definitely an investment in feeling confident in yourself.so base on her opnion she highly reccomends it .
= my daughter use this every day and smells awesome
< great for my teenage daughter

> this movie is not bad . i 'm not a star fan at all , but for some reason i ca n't sit and enjoy this movie knowing that if this movie was n't around brad might still be married to jen . i think angelina is a good actress , but when i watch this movie i feel very disappointed in her . i really ca n't sit threw this movie with out those thoughts going threw my head . so i do n't enjoy this movie .
= not bad
< not bad

> i need a deodorant/antiperspirant that can take me from power yoga to the office with no shower . that 's my life and what i require . this dove advanced care ( pink rosa ) does that for me.this product keeps me dry , odor free and has a pleasant , unobtrusive scent of faint rose . i can bring a navy blue top to change into without fear of white streaks . i 'd buy this product in a heartbeat and highly recommend it .
= great wetness protection , lovely scent , no white streaks
< works well

> this little note holder and paper are a fast way to leave notes and mark anything on your calender . sometimes i do n't always remember things on my to dodo list and appointment i have.i find writing notes on these post-its pretty practical.they do n't cost a fortune and when you have a lot on your mind and a lot to do , this comes in pretty helpful . simple idea and makes life a little more simple .
= remind yourself
< fast way to leave notes and mark

> an ambitious fbi agent enlists the aid of a criminally insane ex-psychiatrist to help track down a vicious serial killer . it has been a good long while since i have felt the presence of evil so manifestly demonstrated as in the first appearance of anthony hopkins in the silence of the lambs . the silence of the lambs slams you like a sudden blast of bone-chilling , pulse-pounding terror .
= the silence of the lambs
< the silence of the lambs

> good book , really enjoyed blaine ! so hott ! ! ! worth the time and money ! my heart broke for kami..she was so broken and blaine was able to fix her , i would love to read more about them and the baby ! i would also like to see dom and angel get their happy ending ! ! ! ! i love dom ! ! !
= need a good distraction !
< loved it ! ! !

> crystal light mojito flavor brings the sweet and tart flavor of mojito to a non alcoholic drink mix that will be a great change of pace to the iced teas and fruit punches we usually drink . each small pouch makes two quarts . the drink is mildly sweet with a fresh mint flavor , which tastes very natural and not artificial . very tasty and good .
= grown up flavors
< sweet and tart

> love me some alpha bikers ! addison had such a hard time growing up in the home her scum mother provided . i am gladshe found her father when she did . cade was what she needed , and in the end he proved himself to her . ca n't wait to read spike and ciara 's story .
= hell 's knights
< love me some alpha bikers !

> i loved this book . drake was my favorite character . i wanted to strangle him when he started using drugs . but you ca n't help but love him . i hate that this story is done because i want more of chloe and drake . great read !
= amazing
< loved it !

> what , what , what ? ! ? ! i do n't even want to stop reading this series long enough to write the review ! best book i 've read in a long time ! superbly written with characters that will captivate you . read ! it !
= fantastic !
< wow !

> lets just say noel & lanie are crossing paths again in life and that some people deserve a second chance at love . wonderful story & fantastic characters ! the story is hot & the love scenes are scorching !
= fantastic !
< love it !

> omg . i love these series . i think nico may be my favorite by far . i ca n't wait for next read .
= until nico
< love

> & # 8220 ; frozen & # 8221 ; is an animated feature film loosely based on & # 8220 ; the snow queen & # 8221 ; by hans christian andersen . in typical disney manner , the company has tweaked the story and eliminated most of the dark moments . the disney version is about two princesses . elsa , the elder sister , has the ability to shoot ice and snow from her hands . as the girls grow up , with plenty of broadway-caliber songs along the way , elsa ( voice of idina menzel ) comes to realize her magical powers can be a threat to those around her , so she retreats from everyone , including her sister , princess anna ( kristen bell ) . the metaphor is clear : a person & # 8217 ; s own insecurities can freeze out loved ones . as in the broadway musical & # 8220 ; wicked , & # 8221 ; the dynamic that drives the story is the strained relationship between two girls. & # 8220 ; frozen & # 8221 ; is among the best of disney & # 8217 ; s recent animated features . it has a powerhouse score by husband-and-wife team robert and kristen anderson-lopez , including the academy award-winning song , & # 8220 ; let it go , & # 8221 ; performed by ms. menzel . the song sequences are mini-extravaganzas in themselves , but rather than stop the action dead , they move the story forward.the sisters are distinctive and march to their own beat & # 8212 ; a theme that crops up a lot lately in animated films . when anna meets a handsome mountain man ( jonathan groff ) and his reindeer sidekick , she is conflicted by her attraction to this hunky , dashing guy and an at-home love interest , hans ( santino fontana ) . comic relief is amply supplied by olaf ( josh gad ) , a chaplin-esque anthropomorphic snowman.the 2-disc blu-ray/dvd combo pack contains deleted scenes , a mickey mouse cartoon , a making-of short , and a featurette showing the adaptation process from original fairy tale to screen .
= a homerun for disney animation
< the best of the disney version

> jaxon you sly dog you ( winks ) `` i sure as hell will never forget this moment , meeting you like this . it 's nice to know i 'll have a hot neighbor . '' he 's sweet in the 'i 'm gon na melt your panties off way , ' `` once i saw the 'sorority bimbos , ' as you called them earlier , swarm cole , i saved you a seat . '' jaxon is protective , `` i 'm still fuming that you were sleeping out here alone , practically naked . '' he gets worried about his girl and i really liked that , `` well where the eff is she , what if something happened to her ? '' he sounded panicky and irritated with whomever he was talking . `` you said she went to the restroom fifteen minutes ago . '' when jaxon is passionate about something , the boy is passionate about it , `` damn it , emerson , just stop ! '' he yelled , `` stop pretending you do n't care . why wo n't you let me in ? why wo n't you let me care about you ? because for some maddening reason , i do ! '' he 's also willing to compromise , love when a man knows how to compromise , `` you do n't have to move in , just sleep here every night , '' he replied with a huge grin on his face . `` if it makes you feel better , we can sleep in your bed every once in awhile , but i like seeing you here with your hair spread out across my pillow . '' the boy is very possessive , `` i do n't care what label you put on it , but you 're mine regardless . i wo n't share . ''
= jaxon
< jaxon

> do men really put lotions on their faces ? i mean , other than sun block , i never see any guys put lotions on their faces . i know i do n't . there may be guys out there that have extremely fry skin and would benefit from lotions , but faces are usually pretty oily places and do n't need any extra moisture on them . marketing face lotions to men seems like a risky proposition to me , and is n't anything i 'd be voting in favor of if i was in charge of launching new products.i received a sample bottle of this lotion , which i have been using on the portions of my body that actually need moisturizing - my hands , knees and elbows . being a hard-working tradesman , these are the parts of my body that get the most wear and tear and get overly dry . this lotion works as well as well as most other lotions i have used in the past , though previous lotions i have used do n't have fragrance in them . honestly , the added fragrance does n't float my boat , and i would prefer it to not have any scent . i probably still prefer moisturizing lotion products from companies such as neutrogena , jergens , lubriderm or eucerin.another thing you have to realize is that with this dove product you 're getting a very miniscule amount . most moisturizing lotion bottle have several ounces of lotion in them , while this one has less than two . you 're almost paying fragrance prices for this lotion , which is running you over $ 8.00 per ounce . that 's a pretty steep price to pay . high enough , so , that i would n't recommend this product to my friends .
= buy moisturizing lotion for the price of perfume !
< i like it , but i prefer it

> `` lost in translation '' is the sort of movie that viewers either embrace or are bored by its slow , subtle presentation . it stars bill murray in a serious role opposite a young scarlett johansson in one of her first movies as an adult , as two strangers adrift in a strange land.bob harris ( murray ) is an aging , past his prime actor in tokyo to shoot a whiskey commercial . what should have been a simple assignment turns into an extended agony , who is unable to communicate with his intense japanese director . harris suffers from jet-lag and the nagging of a spouse many time zones away.charlotte ( johansson ) is a young wife accompanying her workaholic photographer husband on assignment . he has no time for her ; she ends hanging around the hotel , bored and also jet-lagged . she and harris meet at the bar , strike up a casual acquaintence , and end up exploring the bizarre neon-lit nighttime tokyo landscape . along the way , they learn to cope with their shared exile . director sophia coppola avoids the easy off-ramps for the relationship ; the two keep a certain distance and the ending is subtle , touching , and somehow appropriate . `` lost in translation '' is recommended to fans of murray and johansson as an example of their range as actors .
= two strangers in a strange land ...
< a good movie , but a bit too much of a good movie

> simply a classic movie , with iconic performances and filmed in beautiful technicolor , it 's just a gorgeous film , it almost bankrupted the studio and you see why , it 's just spectacular . vivian leigh is perfect as scarlett , her british accent perfectly morphs into the the accent of the southern aristocracy , it 's fascinating how many actresses in hollywood wanted this role ... including lucille ball ! ! ! , but leigh owns this role , so much so that you ca n't imagine anyone else playing her as is the case with gable , he seems to be having so much fun with rhett , he always has a mischeivious sparkle in his eye , and he and leigh have great chemisty , when i watch this film , i am amazed at some of the graphic violence , like when scarlett shoots the thief at tara , really vivid for the 30 's ... .really just a great film , always rated in the top five of all time..truly a work of art . i ca n't imagine anyone having not seen this film , but if you are one of the few that has not , get yourself some popcorn , and get comfortable and prepared for a great movie experience..a film like no other .
= tomorrow is another day
< the best movie of the year ! ! !

> i read on the average , 3 books a week , out of all the books i have read in the last 3 years ( approx 469 books ) this was the most riveting . i had a hard time putting the book down and one night stayed up hours past my bedtime because i just could not stop reading.if you had a perfect childhood , you probably would not feel empathy towards victoria or find her to be a sympathetic character.i had a rather unhappy childhood , so i felt an instant bond with victoria , i could understand why she would withdraw from people and reject love and kindness.what is really amazing is that this book is a first by the author . the past and present viewpoints alternating in the book brought a bit of mystery and the solutions for feelings and reactions and while not everyone would care for that type of storytelling , i found it made the book more enjoyable.i highly recommend this book , and if you take a chance and read it , you might find yourself delighted , or if not , you can pass the book on to a friend that might just find it to be their cup of tea .
= being able to relate to victoria makes this a fantastic read !
< a great read , but ...

> i 'm just your average home user with one 4-drawer file cabinet . but i do like to organize -- and reorganize -- and these labels are perfect for that . if i change my mind about what color file folder i want to use , i can just take the label off and move it . voil & agrave ; ! if i change my mind about what i want to actually label the folder , i can just remove the label , write a new label , and stick it on . voil & agrave ; ! i also like that the sticky part covers the entire label , not just a small sticky strip ( like a regular sticky note ) . i also like the tiny perforated tab that you can leave sticking outside the folder ( to draw attention to something ) or to use as a bookmark or to rip off so the entire tab/note stays stuck ( unless you really want to remove it , then you can if you just wedge your nail under a corner ) .overall , i would highly recommend this item . it has come in very handy in my home office .
= great for home office use !
< great for home office

> mango peach mio does taste like peach . i did n't notice the mango flavor , but the peach taste was there . the concept of mio is great , it 's a concentrated flavor that you can squirt in your water and make it taste more like a tea or fruit drink . it is sugar free and low calorie and packed full of flavor . in fact , getting your water flavored perfectly is the tricky part . too much and it 's too sweet , not enough and the flavor is n't very strong . but , i guess that is the fun part.the liquid mixes instantly and can add flavor , when you want something more than plain water . i knew someone who supposedly did n't like the taste of water , so something like this would be great for her . the negative side of the mio is that it is full of chemicals , dyes , and fake sugars . even though the amount ingested is minute , as far as health goes , this probably is n't good for you . although , dieters may like it because it is low cal flavor .
= tastes pretty good
< not bad , but not great

> this has become a classic alfred hitchcock film , with film score by bernard herrmann . if the story is not remembered or commented on , everyone is familiar with the scene where grant is getting attacked by a crop duster while standing in the middle of nowhere `` north by northwest '' .roger o. thornhill & lt ; r.o.t > ( cary grant ) , mild mannered advertising executive , raises his hand at the wrong time to send a telegram . the page boy is paging george kaplan so roger is mistaken for kaplan ( a shorter man with dandruff ) and the fun begins . turns out that townsend/ vandamm ( james mason ) the bad guy is being dogged by kaplan so vandamm must do away with kaplan.meanwhile back at the train roger meats a cutie eve kendall ( eva marie saint ) that is apparently set on helping him.i will not go into details as surprise and plot twisting is part of the suspense.will roger get the girl ? will vandamm get roger ? what is this all about ? who is george kaplan ?
= who is george kaplan ?
< the page boy

> fantastic organic option with same wicking quality as synthetic versions ! as an active/athletic couple , we practically live in sportswear..it 's our daily 'go to ' outfit for gym and florida living . unfortunately , nearly all sportswear tends to be synthetic which compromises our concern over health and environment . in the past we 've tried supposedly organic sportswear that either under performs and collects sweat like a sauna on your back or falls apart after washing and wearing on a regular basis.this shirt is terrific ! organic cotton with bamboo it is both sustainable and more healthy but retains that soft yet absorbent feel . spouse immediately came in and said , & # 34 ; hey , what are these new shirts ... they 're really nice & # 34 ; . raglan cut sleeves for full range of motion , ease of movement and superior absorbency .
= major hit in this household !
< organic cotton with sustainable and sustainable

> sad this was n't a five star . too much of the story was packed into the last 30 % of the book . ash was my fave and i feel he was portrayed differently in the other books . it seems like this series has left us with unanswered questions.spoilers aheadhow does ash know all these criminals ? ? ? brittany and kai deserved their own story . i what to know about kai . why did the author skip over gabe and mia 's wedding ? ? ? i did n't buy that ash would fall so fast . i also did n't care for ash being portrayed as a guy who operates in shades of gray.loved the girls ! ! ! ! if only feel life was like that ! !
= just ca n't give it five stars
< sad this was n't a five star book

> my dog has been eating this stuff for about eight years . the dog likes it and the the dog is healthy , so i figure the food must be okay . the only problem i have with this brand of food is the `` healty weight '' formula . when our dog was a bit over-weight , i bought that and the dog just went wacky until i gave it more to eat . it seemed like the healthy weight formula was just puffed up regular stuff . so i just cut back on the regular stuff instead and the dog was fine . so other than the healthy weight formula of this brand of dog food , i have no problem with it .
= dog likes it
< dog likes it , but not the best

> i love the mio sweet tea best , the mango peach second , and the peach third . i drink a lot of crystal light and diet drinks every day except for at work . the crystal light powder is hard to mix in the right quantity and diet drinks are heavy to carry in and expensive if i get them from the vending machine.this compact little bottle is perfect for bringing to work and mixing with our cold filtered water . it really packs a wallop ! a small squirt and i get a hint of sweet flavor , a big squirt and there 's amazing flavor . i ca n't believe they can get this stuff that concentrated !
= tasty and easy !
< great sweet tea !

> hot & sexy are two great words to describe this story . not only is he hot , rich and single , he runs an adult entertainment company.sophie gets more than a job when she is hired to be the new pa for lucien knight . as she comes to realize the harsh truth behind her lackluster marriage , he is determined to show her that she should be worshiped and adored . but will feeling desired and wanted after months of neglect be enough to forge a new path ? book 2 will hopefully have a bit more story . book one is packed full of & uuml ; ber-hot smut that is bound to make your toes curl .
= holy cliffhanger batman
< hot & sexy

> several times a day i have to take medical tests and log in the results for my various doctors to read and what was once a sloppy series of journal entries is now a neat and orderly group of information for my doctors , that is easy for them to peruse.the filing tabs come in 4 different colors and there are 6 of each in the package and they are sturdy enough for constant daily handling without falling apart.these great tabs help a reformed slob like myself to get neater and i 'm very pleased with them ,
= these bring order to my life !
< great for my doctors

> wow this series is just absolutely amazing ... the writer just draws you in..it is so well expressed that you feel like it is playing out in front of you ... .i just love hudson ... he is someone that i would love to have and i love how he explains that it is n't just sex with her it is their emotional connection ... i wanted to slap the crap out of his mother and celia ... loved mira ... loved the father too.. love this series ... i like it better than fifty shades ...
= awesome ... ..
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> incredibly , dark side of the moon , by pink floyd , was released almost 35 years ago . the amazing thing is that this excellent cd is still important and relevant today . i can listen to us and them over and over again . the hypnotic perfection of this cd is amazing . most bands would love to have a collection of greatest hits that would rival this one album by this incredible band . if you have not heard this , you are in for a treat . a five star masterpiece .
= fantastic
< the moon

> based on a jean shepherd short story , bob clark 's irresistible , often hilarious 40's-era holiday tale benefits from an immense heart , rich period detail , and quirky comic characters . in certain scenes -- such as ralphie 's nightmarish encounter with a department-store santa and his parents ' squabbling over an indecent lamp -- bob clark moves beyond nostalgia to lampoon the absurdity of the adult world . with note-perfect performances from the whole cast , clark 's `` christmas story '' is a latter-day holiday gem brightly wrapped with big laughs .
= a christmas story
< bob clark 's `` christmas ''

> a subtle , moody haunted house film , starring nicole kidman as a mother of two small children who moves to a musty country house to wait out the final days of the first world war , which has taken her husband away . the house turns out to be a waystation for generations of ghosts ; the script cleverly points out that haunting can work both ways . i went into this film with low expectations and found myself pleasantly surprised . recommended !
= an enjoyable , intelligent film
< a haunting , moody haunted house film

> great simple labels . i use the for my paperwork at my place of employment . they look a bit more professional then the typical yellow or orange square sticky note i had been using and look good for writing notes that i affix to papers for other co-workers . you can read them better then the colored stick notes , but stand out more than just using a white sticky note which can get overlooked . they work well .
= great for at the office .
< great labels

> this is just a confusing story that led nowhere ! ! ! and it 's boring ! ! ! up to the 80 % point , you do n't have a clue about what really is going on . amy just ticks me off and does n't seem that smart . so finally the book starts to get good , and the author leaves us with a cliffhanger ! ! ! ! ! i 'm ticked ! ! !
= a confusing story that goes no where ! !
< confusing

> this product comes in a nice size package for an individual serving . it is a tasty little snack that will satisfy your need for something sweet . the carmel and chocolate cover up the taste of the popcorn and left me wanting some `` real popcorn '' . this product is well packaged and was in great shape when i received it and very fresh . definitely would be a handy snack for traveling or lunches .
= good/but a little too sweet
< tasty and tasty

> this is a very nice # 10 envelope . i like the blue shading inside for security . the `` reveal '' in the title refers to a flap on the back that you unfold to expose the adhesive , so there 's no strip to dispose of as with other lick-less envelopes . the adhesive seems very strong . the box contains 40 envelopes . i would definitely get them again .
= good envelopes
< nice # 10 envelope

> when love almost dies , we get hurt and angry and sometimes forget , that the enjoyng the good times is the other side of the coin from enduring the tough times . to give up one you give up the other . would it be worth it ? that is the premise of this imaginative film . you have to be in the right emotional place to enjoy this film .
= terribly sad , thought provoking
< imaginative

> i use secret quite a bit , you can beat the quality , and this product is no exception . this is one of the best deodorants i have ever used . it keeps my armpits dry and is not irritating in the least . i do a lot of gardening and swimming , so this product has been great . i would recommend this product to others .
= excellent product
< works great

> this tastes awful . i had to add flavoring just to finish the bottle because the bitter flavor was that strong . i do have to admit that it did have a strong caffeine kick to it . if you 're not sensitive to caffeine , that will be a good thing . if you 're sensitive to caffeine , it 's a warning .
= tastes bitter
< tastes awful

> i am not usually into biker stories ... .but i really love this series . each story is stand alone , but better if you go in order . i think this one was sweeter and a bit more gentle than the first book , reaper property . this is a whole new world for me and i 'm enjoying it so much .
= so good
< great series

> this is my second favorite book of the neighbor from hell series . second to my top favorite being perfection . instead of following the contemporary route , i liked that the author took a detour and wrote a historical romance . it was funny and the progression of feelings for elizabeth and robert felt so natural .
= funny
< my second favorite book of the neighbor from hell series

> these playtex sport unscented regular tampons are very comfortable to wear , ca n't even tell you have one inserted . the regular absorbency is dependable for the lighter days of my period . unscented is always my first choice , especially in a tampon . these are easy to insert and remove also .
= comfortable and reliable
< comfortable and comfortable

> as in the case of the fellowiship of the ring and the two towers , the return of the king is equally , if not more , amazing ! a sure must for all ! well done peter jackson ! ! !
= an amazing ending to an amazing trilogy ! ! !
< the best of the series ! ! !

> i enjoyed watching will the football player chase megan in an unconventional first date . the with me in seattle series continues strong with this love affair . great read !
= unconventional and unforgettable
< great read !

> kept me wanting more ! i loved this book and the characters ! i look forward to the next book ! 5 stars
= wow
< loved it !

> apart from the comic trip look and feel of this film , apart from the special effects both on the side of the vampires and on the side of the werewolves , apart from the impossible love affair between a vampire girl and a werewolf boy , at the beginning qt least , soon to become something else , this film is decadent in all possible ways and somewhere kind of paranoid . and yet there is something that floats over the whole thing , that survives the animal horror that animates these pictures and bleak places . two species have been fighting for centuries and the salvation of both is in a new blood line that will cross the two different ones . peace can only come from crossing the bloodlines of the two rivals , the two enemies , the two antagons . and that works , in the film of course , because in reality if it were that simple ... ! it has been noticed that when a civil war starts we never know when it will stop . it took some thirty years for the latest episode of the irish civil war to come to maybe an end and that was only the last episode of a war that was started by the invasion and conquest of ireland by the english three or four centuries ago . and i will not speak of the bosnian or kosovar conflicts , nor of the opposition between sunnis and shiites in iraq and in the world . but that 's the optimistic final scene of a film that targets teenagers when war comes to an end because the two bloodlines have been mixed in the veins of a new leader . yet i found the film a little bit long and repetitive as for the fighting scenes.dr jacques coulardeau , university paris dauphine & university paris 1 pantheon sorbonne
= a girl ca n't save no situation without a boy
< the best of the year

> robert downey jr. and jude law reprise their roles as sherlock holmes and dr. watson in 2011 's thrill-packed sequel & # 34 ; sherlock holmes : game of shadows. & # 34 ; as foreshadowed in the first movie , holmes will confront his greatest enemy , the master criminal professor james moriarty.as the story opens , holmes and moriarty are already on a collision course over moriarty 's plans to trigger a major war in europe . their confrontation is complicated by dr. watson 's plans to be married to a miss moristan ( kelly reilly in an all too brief appearence ) . the bachelor party is a magnificent fiasco but holmes gets watson to the wedding on time , only to have to kidnap him from his own honeymoon . holmes and watson will end up in switzerland , facing moriarty at the fateful riechenbach falls ... & # 34 ; game of shadows & # 34 ; borrows freely from conan doyle 's original stories , notably & # 34 ; the final problem & # 34 ; and & # 34 ; the adventure of the empty house. & # 34 ; the slow-motion special effects from the first movie are even bigger and better here . rachel mcadams has a brief appearence as holmes ' love interest . stephen fry is pitch-perfect as holmes ' brother mycroft , and jared harris is acutely menacing as moriarty . this is not quite the traditional sherlock holmes , but the action-filled movie is likely to work for a modern audience , while the on-screen chemistry of downey and law as the legendary detective and his sidekick is unmistakable . recommended .
= sherlock holmes returns ...
< sherlock holmes

> first thing i did when getting this , was something that the instructions do n't mention : spray along the perimeter of where you do n't want the deer in . kind of attempting to use it as an invisible fence . that did n't work . do n't buy it if that 's your intention.then i tried using it how you 're supposed to : spray it directly on the plants that you do n't want the deer to eat . and ... the deer have n't eaten anything ( yet ... it 's been a week or so now . ) so , it looks like it works . however , it rains a lot here in the pacnw , and i 'm pretty sure the amount of rainfall is going to wash away the protection pretty easily ... so for me , a physical barrier ( a circle of metal fencing around my fruit trees ) is a bit more practical for my uses.however , if you are trying to protect a wider swath of plants all bunched up , then this will likely work well for you - spray it even over everything in the bunch and the deer will keep away ... or if you have individual larger plants that are focus points of your yard ( and thus , do n't want fencing surrounding this ) , then this is also a great solution.overall - it works , but make sure it 's really what you want first . recommend in most cases ... just not mine .
= seems to work ... kind of a hassle .
< works , but not mine

> the window of time during which a cup of tea is cool enough to drink but still hot enough to be a cup of hot tea is very short . the primula mug extends that time so that the tea drinker can savor the brew without scalding the tongue , or having to gulp before the tea becomes cold . not only does the double walled construction insulate the cup 's contents , the cap further serves to retain heat . the tea brews directly in the oversized cup , eliminating the need for a pot , and the tea bag string slips into a slot in the lid , eliminating the need to fish out the bag with fingers or a spoon . it 's genius.the cup is light enough to feel like plastic , though the package assures glass , and the top to mine does n't sit up proudly as in the picture , it kind of collapses into a concave shape . i have n't yet mastered the art of squeezing the bag with the top , but these are all quibbles . it 's just so nice to be able to enjoy a leisurely cuppa in a pretty mug , and have it stay hot to the last sip.i do n't see why coffee and cocoa drinkers would n't enjoy this design also , not to mention what it would do for a hot toddy on a cold winter 's night . a set of these would make a grand christmas , wedding or shower gift .
= brilliant design
< a cool cup of tea

> i enjoyed this book and thought it was really good for a first novel . there were a number of typos throughout , but nothing major that took away from the story.i 've always had a weakness for biker books so i was immediately drawn to this book . i absolutely loved cade . he was just wow ! you knew the minute he and addison looked at each other that they were meant to be together . poor addison , her mom was crap and the fact that she never protected her daughter as addison was growing up just sucks . there is no sympathy for her mom 's death or the way it happens . i was happy to know that jackson , addi 's dad loved her and would have gotten her if he knew where she was . it 's nice to see their relationship grow . you knew jasper would come looking for addi , we just had to anticipate how it would go down . but after seeing cade and addi together , you also knew that man would do anything to protect her and that he loved her dearly . loved both cade and addi , but did think addi was a little too hard headed for her own good.looking forward to the next book about spike and ciara . spike is a sweetie and i hope he gets a happy ending like cade and addi.no cliffhanger and a hea .
= good book
< spike is a sweetie

> i usually use plain stevia as a sweetener , but always have to be careful with it : just a bit too much , and it turns bitter . i 'm very pleased with sun crystals since the pre-measured packets and added sugar means that this sweetener actually tastes *sweet* , just as it should.each packet contains just five calories , and the packaging states that it is suitable for diabetics.as some other reviewers have noted , however , it is a bit granular ; i noticed that when i mixed it into some foods ( like greek yogurt and strawberries ) , the sugar granules were noticeable . this does n't really bother me too much , and it did n't bother my husband either , even though he 's usually pickier than me about sweeteners.overall , i really like this , and will definitely re-purchase it ! update on 8/3/09 : after using this sweetener a few more times , i would downgrade my rating to two stars if i could . the grittiness of it is noticeable , and it 's not as sweet as regular stevia . i 'm glad i had the chance to try this , but i 'll be using my regular stevia from now on .
= tasty sweetener
< a bit too sweet , but not as sweet as regular stevia

> napoleon dynamite is totally different than any kind of film i have ever seen before . it truly is a cross between monty python and tommy boy . many people hate it when a passion . i can understand that . it 's not that kind of humor that many people like . my parents do not get it at all . however , all my friends think it is the one of the best comedies ever made . this is much like easy rider . i think it is one of the most pointless movies ever made , but i also did not live through the 60 's so the whole point of the movie was lost on me . for those of us who grew up in the 80's/90 's , this movie makes more sense . yes , the humor is very dry and it is a slow movie ( which i think makes it better ) . i would say if your over 30 , it 's very unlikely that you will like nd , but give it a try , you might like it . if you do n't like it do n't bad mouth it , it just was n't ment for you .
= some will love it , some will hate it
< different , but not great

> lots of reviewers have mentioned how this cereal is similar to honey nut cheerios , and i agree , except , i think this is much crunchier.i like crunch , and i also like a sweet breakfast cereal , so i was happy with the taste and consistency.now , if you do n't like sweet in the morning , these may be a little much for you . in addition to sugar , they also have honey and molasses . the sugar content however is only 10g . i say `` only '' because there are some cereals out there , which claim fiber and other health benefits , which have more sugar than these . ( example , frosted mini-wheats -- 12g of sugar . and a certain bran with raisin cereal , 23g of sugar ! ) much as i liked these , i would n't eat them every single day , because i think the sweet factor might be too much ( even for me : > ) over time . but they 're a nice every-few-days choice.one caution : peanuts . if you 're allergic , be aware that these contain peanuts .
= sweet , nutty crunch
< tasty , but not too sweet

> this book delivered on creating the perfect hea for remy and brooke . it was a little slow in engaging my attention initially as it was kind of a yo-yo scenario with brooke 's insecurities creating way to much angst between the two . she was rather annoying , however , we realize why her & # 34 ; crazy & # 34 ; was amped up to the nth degree shortly after . the story then picks up and comes to a sweet conclusion . i loved the epilogue . brooke 's psyche is hilarious ... .her internal monologues always had me chuckling . i.e . & # 34 ; i did n't want to just kiss him . i wanted to press my breasts against his chest until my nipples stopped aching and i wanted to blend my mouth to his , impale me down on his cock , and ride him to australia and back. & # 34 ; lol get it girl ! ms. evans certainly knows how to write some lust as the sexiness between remy and brooke would melt an ice cube ! 4 solid stars !
= steam , steam , and more steam !
< perfect hea !

> the film brings to the screen the story of a centuries old blood feud between vampires and werewolves ( lycans ) . things get more complicated when a human doctor is caught up in the conflict , as he becomes the means for creating a vampire-werewolf hybrid , something that could tip the balance between the combatants.underworld is a highly entertaining , action packed adventure/thriller with significant elements of horror.kate beckinsale ( who is gorgeous ! ! ! ) , bill nighy , and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are exceptional to say the least . all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ( the chemistry is amazing ) ! the plot , the setting , the special effects , the music , and the swordfights are all excellent ! underworld is a movie guaranteed to provide an evening 's entertainment and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection ! in conclusion , the film establishes a great cliffhanger for a sequel , which i would definitely line up to watch !
= wow !
< `` i 'm a sequel , this is a movie ''

> well , this family is in the fedreal witness relocation program hiding out due to their super powers.theres the dad who has super strength like the thing from the fantastic four.his wife has powers much like those of mr fantastic from the ff.she stretches and stuff.the daughter can create invisible shields a lot like the invisible girl from the ff.the son runs really fast like quicksilverv from ... ... ... hahaha ... .the x-men.but , oh well , i guess theres only so many super powers to go around.the dad secretly goes about helping out anyhow and the ol lady finds out.of course she intervenes and makes everything way worse.the kids even get involved.the characters and the portrayal of thier unique abilities is done fantasticly . [ hahaha ] .the part i liked was the super fast son , zipping through the jungle to escape the bad guys.i know that does it little justice but its the best part.trust me.its really cool for the kiddies and is thankfully free from the poop , fart , and puke humor the kid movies are so prone to these days .
= a big time marvel rip off
< the best of the year

> i think the only thing that may be considered `` bad boy '' about jake parker is the tattoos , piercings and leading a heavy metal bad , otherwise he was the sweetest guy imaginable . it makes me wonder if there really are such sweet guys out there , or is it just our book boyfriends ? aubrey has had bad luck with guys , one in particular that has left her turned off of men , until she meets jake parker . he is n't all he is written about in the rag mags , in fact he is totally different in his mind.with the heavy scars and baggage these two carry around , it is interesting to read about if and how they handle it . i see it as more of a cute romance , not really a bad boy romance , but jake is sexy .
= sweet bad boy
< jake is sexy

> after hearing and reading all the fuss about this movie , i finally got to see it . seems the fuss was about the subject matter and not the movie . tom hanks gave a mediocre performance at best , taking a back seat to the story i guess . the dots were connected too quickly and easily.the movie was entertaining , but that was mostly because of the strong performances of ian mckellen and jean reno.i 'm not much for conspiracy theories , so i 'm sure i 'll get blasted for my review but i have seen better told stories ( regardless of the subject ) .for some of tom hanks best see cast away . for some outstanding story telling see strangers on a train.this movie makes for good cable fodder , but is n't one that will stand the test of time .
= cast away this one
< not as good as the first

> i am a huge fan , and this does not disappoint . we are reacquainted with mickey haller of the `` lincoln lawyer , '' who meets up with harry bosch . with many unexpected twists and turns , this is yet another super page-turner . i actually gasped out loud at one of the revelations.i would say my only concern was with walter eliott , a truly unlikeable character . one of the things i love about connelly 's writing is that the characters are so complex . in most mystery/thriller novels , the characters are quite black or white . the characters in this book are a bit less developed.if you have not read connelly before , do n't start here . read a couple of the earlier harry bosch books first and the `` lincoln lawyer '' first .
= connelly delivers a satisfying read
< another great harry bosch novel

> unless i am exercising , i hate drinking plain water . this is a nice way to add some flavor . it tastes artificially fruity and sweet but , not like real mango+peach juice or nectar . i think the best use for this stuff is that its small size easily allows it to be taken with you or left in your backpack , bag , purse , or office for when you want to add some flavor to your water . and here is a great use for it is when you are out backpacking and your filtered water does n't taste all that great . a funner use is when you are camping and have run out of mixer for your cheap vodka ...
= nice to have on the road
< great taste , great taste

> i first want to credit quaker for putting some very good ingredients in this oat meal . the quality and flavor are better than the packets . however , if you do n't like an extra-sweet breakfast , then this might be way too far on the sweet side for you . the mix is thick and sticky with sugar , which tends to overwhelm the flavor of the fruit and grains . turn the sugar down by about 25 % , and this product could be exceptional . still a good choice and worth a try if you tend to like a sweet breakfast . again , kudos to quaker for heading in the right direction !
= very good ingredients , but thick with sweetness
< good flavor , good taste

> the schick hydro 5 razor just might be the best razor i have ever used . it provides a close shave and the razor seems to just glide along your face . i have n't been a schick man before , always seem to get another brand but from now on i want the shave that this razor gives me . it has an open back end so the blades will rinse off very nice and little hairs wo n't get stuck in the blade , it even has a feature where if you have missed a spot you do n't need to lather up again , the blade will generate soap so you can shave it .
= great close shave..leaves you feeling manly and clean..
< the best razor i have ever used

> it 's very difficult , while reading this book , to keep in mind that it is actually non-fiction . the story appears so incredible that it just shouts out `` fiction ! '' . when you read this book , you truly see the workings of a very dysfunctional family , with the oddest set of parents i think that i have met in my years of reading . that the children turned out relatively well-adjusted is just short of a miracle . the book is sad , hilarious , solemn and dangerously funny all at the same time , and it 's probably one of the best memoir books i have ever read !
= an amazing life
< a miracle for the family

> this chef michael 's grilled sirloin flavor went over well with the dogs , while both are older the lapdog has a hard time with some dry foods , he was able to chew through this . i like to change dog foods often to avoid a build up of any one ingredient or vitamin , some dog foods give the dogs loose stool , but we had no problems with this . first ingredient is beef , soy , animal fat , brewers rice , corn coming far down the list which is something i prefer , we will buy this dog food again.update 4/13 bought more , dogs still love it .
= dogs loved it
< dogs love it

> it just so happens that my flight from paris landed a few hours ago - i spent the past week in europe . this can of coffee was waiting for me and i needed a pick me up after the long day of travel.this is a very decent `` cafe americano '' which is a shot of espresso in hot water . i shook it , poured it into a cup and microwaved it for a minute . great quick way to get your caffeine fix.the price makes it competitive with keurig and other systems if you don ' drink much and have a microwave easily available .
= competent cafe americano in a can ... .
< great for a microwave americano

> pretty simple and straight forward for the newbie gardener or even kids who enjoy gardening . not for someone obviously you can buy the seeds/supplies cheaper on their own but i liked the convenience of this product . obviously someone who is an expert gardener would n't enjoy this , but for what it is it 's nice . i 'll keep trying to see what happens with the veggies and update the review accordingly.the price listed now ( 14,99 ) i think is very reasonable for what you get .
= not bad .
< simple and easy

> well , these are oddly good . almost like drinking soup broth without a bunch of calories . i made the mistake of drinking one at breakfast , and did n't really like it that early in the morning . i think you will be pleasantly surprised , but do n't think of it as `` tea '' . although , each flavor is made with decaf black or decaf green tea . this makes a nice nighttime `` snack '' .
= skinny soup anyone ?
< good flavor , but not a good snack

> yes , there is a lot of good material here in regard to jake and his true nature -- he 's a natural enemy of edward and his kind -- but the presence of edward is so meager that it left me wanting to read faster just to see if he would ever show up . he finally did , but then there were n't very many pages left.i hold out more hope for the next installment , eclipse .
= lots of jake ; not enough edward
< jake and edward

> if you like the mint girl scout cookies you will like these . my wife says she thinks they have a stronger mint flavor , but i do n't really notice it . i did notice the addition of the cream which makes these really good.my vote is these are a better mint cookie than the girl scout cookies , my wife is sticking with the girl scout cookies .
= good mint cookie
< great mint cookie

> easiest screen protector i 've ever put on . no bubbles what so ever . the hardest part is pulling off the backing . you ca n't even tell it 's on and the sensitivity of the touchscreen is n't lost through the screen . it does as it claims and reduces fingerprints as well . overall , it 's a great product .
= nice
< no bubbles

> crunchy nut roasted nut and honeywhen my wife opened the box , she said this smells like peanut butter.we both sampled some with milk poured over it ; we both liked it and would buy it again . it tastes great.i highly recommend it for people who like cheerios , this is better.gunner january , 2011
= smells like peanut butter .
< tastes like peanut butter.we

> this ending was crap ! two books that you spend money on and get nothing . some of these authors need to stop adding books to their series that have no point just to make more money . this is starting to get ridiculous ! i think i want a refund !
= crap crap crap and more crap !
< crap !

> i loved this book ! i laughed and i cried . what a love story with so much adventure ! ! ! what a way to discover each other while falling in love ! ! highly , highly recommend this book ! ! ! !
= omg ! ! ! ! !
< loved it ! ! !

> second book in the bad boys series . a story of twin brothers cash and nash . caught up with the russian mafia they have to fight to save their lives and that of cash ' s love olivia .
= cash !
< loved it

> yes , it might be somewhat predictable , but its a good read . i was in the mood for a nice romance when i picked it out and the story did n't let me down .
= a good romance
< good read

> beautiful story of the horror these two face and the wonder of them saving each other . i can not wait for the second book . i hope several antagonists get their comeuppance .
= beautiful
< beautiful

> this would have been a 5+++ read if it was n't for the ending . i love the story and then the end sucked it all up for me .
= the ending ... blah
< love it

> to enjoy this film . if you have a big noisy family or you married into a big , noisy family , you will feel right at home in this film.toula portokalos ( nia vandalos ) is a failure at 30 because she has n't met her family 's goals - to mary a greek man and produce greek children . she works at her family 's restaurant , the `` dancing zorbas '' as a `` hostess '' . she wears thick glasses , dull clothes and her hair is unkempt . in walks ian miller ( john corbett ) and her whole attitude changes . she works hard on her mom to allow her to change jobs and got to night school to work inher aunt 's travel agency . along the way , she acquires contact lenses , a new wardrobe and a new hairdo . but the outside transformation does n't begin to match the inside one - she is determined to meet and date ian . the transformation is credible - she does n't start off looking like the `` incredible hulk '' and wind up looking like `` wonder woman '' .she and ian begin to date . ian realizes she is the restaurants hostess and the scene is played credibly . somehow ian runs the gauntlet of meeting the parents and trying to obtain approval . toula for her part meets ian 's parents - quiet and reserved , they are so totally different than her family it 's a wonder she does n't faint from the shock.somehow or another , despite toula 's dad 's disapproval , they manage to pull the wedding off and it 's believable and wonderful.i recommend this movie highly , not just a `` chick flick '' my two adult sons and my husband also enjoyed the film . and take a look at nia vardalos ' real life hubby , the one that inspired this tale - he 's ian 's buddy in the coffee shop .
= you do n't have to be greek to enjoy this film ... .
< a great film

> follets ambitious work here makes a great tale and a very entertaining read , however , i 'm not going to heap the same praise on it as some of the other reviewers have , this is n't a truly great novel , it 's just a good one.being very long and having lots of twists and turns makes it a great epic , but it also contributes to some of the reasons why it falls short of being a really great novel . i think one of the problems was the lack of a clear protagonist through out the book , there are numerous people to root for , yes , but we are never given one main hero , one person whose thoughts and actions are the impetus for the story , there are in fact , multiple stories running throughout , parallel and intertwined , but separate.for those that are critical of the predictability of the story , i do n't agree that it was a problem in any way , the good guys had to win out in the end , they suffer plenty through out , the whole story would have been worthless if follet had tried to get in some clever tragic ending here , he did the right thing by providing a bit of poetic justice and bringing the story to a proper ending.for those that enjoy historic fiction , i give a hearty recommendation to this work ( the period being the twelve century ) follet did some research into the building of churches and cathedrals of the era and much of it was quite interesting ( although i admit i got lost a bit with all the architectural terms ) . there is plenty of violence , rape and murder , kings and knights vying for power , earls and bishops , sex and love , etc. , to keep the story action filled and interesting from cover to cover .
= long and action filled epic
< a great tale

> i was amazed that `` divergent '' used a similar plot to hunger games , but despite the similarities , it was completely engrossing and this `` young adult '' novel is certainly an exciting book . ( no spoilers ... read on , safely ... ) the similarities : the factions of the divergent series are like the districts of panem , except the districts are `` factions '' and they are sorted by qualities of personality that are deemed to be virtues among men : abnegnation ( self-denial and altruism ) , erudite ( knowledge and science ) , amity ( peace and friendship ) , dauntless ( courage and protection ) and candor ( truthfulness . ) the protagonist beatrice or tris has a brother ( katniss has a sister ) and there is a sorting rather reminiscent of harry potter 's sorting hat where based on a simulation created by a drug-induced hallucination , the young applicants choose their faction . it may not be the one they grow up in , but it often is.beatrice and caleb are from abnegation , which is also where the leaders of the city ( chicago post-apocalypse ) are chosen for their selfless devotion to others . beatrice 's aptitude test is ambiguous , and like harry potter , she could choose several paths , and like harry potter , she chooses courage.after choosing the faction , initiation starts , and this is where the similarities to hunger games are quite noticeable , because there is pain and violence . and death . and like hunger games , all is not as it seems in the world of the factions.this is a fast read and despite the derivation from other those other popular novels , it stands on its own and the concept of the factions is an interesting one . this is very good science fiction and i enjoyed it immensely .
= if you liked hunger games and harry potter ...
< a good science fiction

> the rage virus has wiped out nearly all of england , turning its infected into murderous killers driven only by their need to feed . now , a handful of unlucky survivors are left to find an escape from the nationwide pandemic . in 2002 , danny boyle shook the horror genre with a refreshing new thriller that redefined the zombie movie and terrified audiences around the world . 28 days later offers a nihilistic world view in which humanity is the ultimate villain . man 's attempt to dissect and control nature is what caused the deadly virus , and while the infected mindlessly attack out of the primal need to feed , it is the living characters that kill out of fear , paranoia , and selfish desire . as best portrayed by the corrupted band of soldiers in the end of the film , it is darkest human emotions that drive home the suspense in 28 days later , with the added horror of infected flesh-eaters running in the streets . the infected are unlike any of the undead that we have ever seen before . they are fast and ferocious , bursting through windows and tearing into their victims with a shocking speed . this would become a popular trend in the zombie films to follow , the most notable example being zack synder 's frightening update to the horror classic dawn of the dead . boyle 's decision to shoot 28 days later on a digital camera delivers a grim sense of reality , which is darkened even further by the dreary score . he also creates one of the defining moments in recent horror as jim walks aimlessly through the deserted streets of london . 28 days later has a devastating effect on the viewer , and has proven to be one of the best films from the 2000's.-carl manesi like horror movies
= ilhm reviews 28 days later
< the horror of the dead

> an old man in a nursing home reads a story to an old woman each day . the story he reads follows two young lovers named allie hamilton and noah calhoun . they met one evening at a carnival many years ago . allie 's parents separate noah and allie . they disapprove of noah 's lack of wealth , and move allie away . after waiting for noah to write her for several years , allie meets and becomes engaged to a handsome young soldier named lon . in a local newspaper , noah 's picture catches allie 's eye . he is standing in front of a fully restored , 200 year old home . the article is filled with praise for his accomplishments . allie 's heart nearly bursts . the last time she saw this house it was a rotted decaying shamble . she stood enfolded in noah 's arms in the great entryway and listened to his plans to buy and restore this house . just the way she wanted it . with her love for noah still alive , the picture pulls at her heart . she has to go back , see if noah is okay , and tell him about her marriage . they both think the echo deep in their hearts , the one that has lasted all these years , is not shared by the other . the cry they could not stifle . it was n't over for me . this movie will keep you guessing at the outcome , and delivered twists throughout the whole movie . the notebook is extremely well constructed , and a truly remarkable movie .
= the notebook ( new line platinum series )
< a truly remarkable movie

> though it lacks the profundity and depth traditionally associated with the brand , & # 8220 ; star trek : into darkness , & # 8221 ; the twelfth installment in the movie series , has enough rip-roaring adventure and jaw-dropping visual effects to make it a satisfying experience for the action-oriented moviegoer.in this sequel to the prequel that successfully re-booted the series in 2009 ( both directed by j.j. abrams ) , some initially unknown terrorist ( benedict cumberbatch ) has begun targeting the leaders of starfleet , and it is up to the enterprise and her crew to root him out of his hiding place deep inside enemy klingon territory.thanks to the screenplay by roberto orci , alex kurtzman and damon lindelof , there & # 8217 ; s the same spirited verbal jousting between captain kirk ( chris pine ) and commander spock ( zachary quinto ) over the issue of feelings-vs.-rationality that & # 8217 ; s been going on for decades now , along with a bit of a discussion about the needs of the individual vs. the greater good , as well as about whether the enterprise should become involved with military conflict instead of just space exploration . but , for the most part , this is a straight-ahead action movie and , as such , it unquestionably delivers the goods . indeed , there are some truly astonishing action scenes leading up to one through the skies of a 23rd century san francisco that has to be seen to be believed - even if believability is never really the prime factor in films of this type .
= less cerebral than most but with strong action scenes
< a action action movie

> book # 61 read in 2012the hunger games by suzanne collinsthis book is the first in a series . i gave up on it the first time i tried to read . friends loved it . students loved it . i figured i would try it again -- and this time i ended up loving it.katniss lives in district 12 , a relatively poor district , with her mother and younger sister . when contestants are selected for this year 's hunger games , a contest where children fight to the death , prim , the younger sister , is selected to be in the games . katniss refuses to allow this to happen and she volunteers to take her sister 's place . also selected is peeta , the son of the local baker . the two form an alliance and peeta seems to have romantic feelings towards katniss.the games themselves are brutal and horrible . during the games , the rules are changed so that two winners from the same district will be allowed . this means that katniss can band together with peeta , who is gravely injured . but will this rule change really give them a way to survive and win together ? this book had a lot of action , great characters and a decent romance . katniss is a tough cookie . peeta is a hero whom readers will end up rooting for -- to win the games and get the girl . i will continue on to book 2. [ ... ]
= the hunger games
< great read

> this superb film is about the oddball girl of the title , and how she comes to find love through the strange characters that surround her in her life.the opening section of the film is very funny as we are told of each characters personal likes and dislikes . these are not earth shattering things , but the trivial things that we all ( ok most of us ) take for granted like cleaning out the toolbox . the film uses a narrator to tell us these things , and this technique works well , mainly because the film is wonderfully well-written . because of this what seems completely illogical at some points all falls beautifully into place.amelie it turns out although a shy and withdrawn girl on the surface , has a sharp and scheming mind which leads to some marvellous scenes , all of which i might add are directed with a huge amount of style and panache . for a film just over two hours long it maintained my interest virtually continuosly and its certainly one that i will be watching again.its a film like this that makes you realise what a lot of rubbish is coming out of hollywood these days . i say that as a person who is not a fan of foreign language films . however this is something very special and i ca n't do justice to it in a short review . see it for yourself and find out .
= finding love
< a oddball girl of the title

> so after reading some reviews on another site i was a little worried about this one . in the end i obviously bought it , one of the best book decisions i 've made recently . bully depicts what 's going on in our schools and something that happened to me personally while in school . as i was reading it my heart broke for tate . yes she started to fight back and i could n't control my fist pump , but the pain was still there . she struggled with that pain throughout the book , but it did n't in my opinion come off was whiny . as for jared i had a love and hate relationship with him throughout out the book , all the while the love was there he had a lot on his young shoulders , not that that 's an excuse for is treatment of tate by any means . the other characters however jerky they were completely drew me in as well , and i 'm glad to see that madoc is getting a book . i want to say more about this book , but i do n't want to give it all away so my advice ... read this book.will i recommend this book ? i already have.will i read this book again ? yes !
= wow *spoilers to be safe*
< i 'm hooked !

> barbara kingsolver 's prose sounds remarkably like poetry in many places in this novel . her sweeping phrases carry the reader to heights and depths of emotions while reading about the price family . nathan , the patriarch , takes his family to the congo in the late 1950 's against the advice of his church and his friends . he is obsessed with the idea of saving souls in a land of which he has no understanding . his misguided religious fervor blinds him to the perils to which he has exposed his family . he rules his family with the hand of a tyrant , using bible verses as punishment and criticism of his wife and four daughters . each chapter is narrated in turn by the five price women . they all have distinct personalities and each views the events in their lives in a different way . kingsolver compares their struggle for independence with that of the congo . she compares the tyranny of nathan with that of despotic leaders of the congo . her political views are very apparent , but this does not detract from the power of this book . oprah recommends it and so do i .
= an analogy between a country and a family
< a different way to put down

> there is a neighborhood cat that likes to use our yard as its litter box . i have been very frustrated by this problem for a long time . a few weeks ago i sprinkled some of this stuff in the areas i have seen the cat hang out and so far so good . i have n't seen any evidence of the cat leaving its `` calling card '' in our yard . i like the convenience of this product . the granular pellets are easy to scatter around the yard . i do n't have to deal with a messy , smelly liquid that i have to spray all over the yard . i just grab a handful of this stuff and scatter it around . could n't be any easier . it has yet to be determined how effective it will be over the long run . i will update my review when more time has passed . like most other animal deterrent products , you have to reapply after heavy rains . the biggest drawback of this product is the price . hopefully the price will come down and make it more affordable .
= so far so good
< cat hang out

> i have come to like crackerfuls , especially when traveling . just a neat and easy way to get a generous size snack while on the go . there are other varieties of this product : four cheese , garlic herb , cheddar cheese and bacon and finally classic cheddar . my favorite is the plain classic cheddar -- -- i suppose my taste is rather simple . the multigrain does have a tad less sugar and a little more fiber . i know taste is subjective , so i am only relating to my own preference . i just need a snack at times , i want it to taste good and be satisfiying . do n't get me wrong i would never turn one of these down , but given a choice it would be the regular cheddar . i think my least fav . would be the garlic herb and not sure why , guess i just want to taste the cheese . anyway , i hope you enjoy these as much as i .
= great product but not my favorite
< my favorite cheddar cheddar -- i hope you enjoy these

> erik larson took on quite a task with this work ! he attempts to intertwine the story of the chicago 's creation of the 1893 columbian exposition with the emergence of h.h . holmes 's sinister self . the process of creating a city within a city , and the story of one of america 's most accomplished serial killers could be two separate books ! but larson infuses them successfully.the interesting ( although second rate , in my opinion ) story of the world 's fair sets the stage and creates suspense as h.h . holmes 's misdeeds are revealed slowly throughout the book . holmes is easily the more interesting of the two tales , but it can not be told without the debacle of the fair . intertwining chapters weave the stories together , until they converge and explode with the horrors of holmes.a fascinating read for anyone interested in history , chicago , serial killers , true crime , art history , or detective novels . highly recommended ! !
= two interesting stories intertwine
< a fascinating read for anyone interested in history

> this shave gel is pretty good stuff actually . it seems to really soothe the skin and lessens the occurance or razor burn and irritation in general . the razor glides right through it and allows for a really close shave . it seems like it is easier to rinse the hair and product off of the razor blades when using this remington gel - the blades are n't clogging up as much as when i used a foam or cream . skin also does not feel dry or tight after shaving . the aloe probably is helping to hydrate somewhat . overall it is a great choice for an irritation-free , close shave and for sensitive skin . the price is n't bad at all when compared to other products and you do not need to use a ton of product at a time either , so it lasts a decent amount of time .
= works great and soothes
< good shave gel

> a couple of dabs will do it - i used about a 3/8 '' spot and it took care of my face and forehead . spreads evenly and id non-greasy . i would prefer unscented - i put it on about an hour ago , and can still smell it . not bad , but it 's there . it absorbs quickly , and about after 30 minutes i ca n't see that it 's there ( there is a slight `` sheen '' for a while . ) if i rub my skin , i can tell i have lotion on , and my finger tips come away with a little lotion on them.it 's a great lotion , moisturizes well , and i give it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the long-lasting scent . nobody else can smell it , but i can .
= nice , light lotion , covers well - mild scent
< great lotion , but not a good scent

> kostova is a better writer than she is a story-teller . there is no denying her skill as a word-smith and she has clearly done her research . the story , however , leaves much to be desired.the concept is interesting ( and when was the last time someone had a truly interesting spin on vampires ... ) but the story drags . i found myself skipping through parts because the story was n't moving . certian plot elements seemed contrived and did n't seem to fit well together.the ending was perhaps the biggest disappointment . i wo n't spoil it but i will say that it was unsatisfying and rather cliche.unless you have a particular passion for vampire stories , i 'd probably recommend a pass on this.not recommended ( generally )
= over-rated .
< not a bad vampire story

> because of the reviews that i 'd read , this novel had been on my wishlist for quite some time . finally , i downloaded it to my kindle to see what all of the `` hoopla '' was about . what i found was a tale that grabbed the reader from the very first page , and never let go . i like to read about wwii , and this piece of fiction gave me some insight into some historical fact that i was , prior to reading , unaware of . heart wrenching of course , but nevertheless fascinating , sarah 's key was that novel i loathed to put down and could not wait to get back to . well worth the five stars and all of the great reviews.dyb
= ****absolutely riveting******* ! ! !
< a great read

> i loved this book , given to me by my mother who had devoured it and thought i would enjoy it . she was right ! i had read larson 's book , isaac 's storm , but that paled in comparison to this epic . it is a fascinating juxtaposition of the chicago world 's fair with the reign of a serial killer , rich with colorful detail , exhaustively researched history and masterful storytelling . i was gripped from cover to cover and learned so much while being entertained . i especially appreciated the author 's postscripts and notes , which made the experience even more satisfying . i highly recommend this work to history and/or true crime buffs .
= my kind of book ! completely satisfying
< a epic epic

> i think the taco bell chipotle sauce is worth getting as it will make your tacos taste completely different . this sauce has a nice blend of both spicy and creamy tastes . it would n't hurt to try more than one flavor too , as these sauces will make you re-think what a taco should taste like . i also like how the bottle has a less messy squeeze-top cap . the sauce will also be great for other things too ; i ca n't wait to try this sauce on wraps and toasted grinders .
= it will make your tacos taste completely different
< nice taste

> i have n't read meyer 's other books , but this book was fantastic . i did n't think that a story about aliens taking over earth and using earthlings as hosts would suck me in , but it did.i was just glad that i was an anniversary vacation with my husband lounging on the beach while i read it , which allowed me to get through the 600 plus pages in a day or so without regard for taking care of my children or doing the dishes or preparing meals .
= wow
< great book

> i love tide products and this was no exception . the new top has extra reinforcements which i think is a good idea . as for the soap itself , i love it . adding the downy to it makes for a good partnership in laundry and soft clothes . others complained about this soap making their clothes smell weird , but i did n't notice any odor . in fact , my experience has been gentle and pleasant . i love tide !
= tidal wave of delight for tide !
< tide is a winner !

> this was an okay movie not to good , it had it 's funny parts but all together i thought it could of been better , for one thing it never told you how the zombies came back to life and it was in cheap film format . the only thing i liked about it was the ending , you 'll see what i mean . if you have not seen this movie then i recommend you do n't
= shaun of the dead
< okay

> sarah 's key is a story that will stay with the reader for a long time . in 1942 the french police rounded up the jews in paris for deportation to camps where they were later put to death . this horrifying true event is the basis for the story of two women , sarah who escapes from certain death , and julia who is determined to write about truth about what happened in france in 1942. unforgettable .
= unforgettable !
< unforgettable

> everyone loves a little kink ( at least anyone reading most of these types of books that is ) , but every author is doing it . this book while it has some kink it is actually very good , easy read . i love may banks writing style and look forward to jace and ash 's stories . hopefully they will contain a little of gabe and mia as well .
= while there is kink ... .it is not the storyline ... .great read
< love it

> i liked each of these teas without exception . they helped educate my palate . i 'm not saying they are better than herb teas as i think they are not . but mysteriously they were better than soup . and the tastes were pure as if the vegetables had been picked and opened in front of me .
= easy learning experience
< good taste

> i really love the concept of this and found myself labeling everything . however , after a couple of weeks , the labels began to fall off.if you 're looking for a label that is more durable and easily removable , just plain painters tape works best . but for short term labeling this product works fine .
= good for a period of time
< works fine

> holy sh ! t i have one if the biggest book hangovers after reading this book . i finished two days ago and i have yet to move on ! ! ! i loved this book and would recommend to others ! ! ! !
= travis
< i loved this book ! ! !

> got these as a substitute for the preservision that my husband takes . these are the same shape , different color and less expensive by a lot . i expect that they will be just as helpful . easy to swallow .
= good product
< husband takes these

> i found the ginger way too spicy , and i could n't handle but a couple of sips . it was even mixed in an enormous cup with plenty of extra water , but no dice .
= did n't like this
< too spicy

> as bianca and james love story grows there is still so much drama . hopefully they can make it . could not put this book down .
= unbelievable
< loved it

> keep my interest and was a good story line . very enjoyable reading ! hated the book to end ! a book worth reading !
= i loved it !
< good read

> this movie is awesome . i watch it every year and it 's always a hysterical movie . my whole family likes it .
= it 's a tradition
< awesome movie

> `` a beautiful mind '' certainly is the best picture of the year . based on a the true story of the paranoid schizophrenic , john nash , who went on to win a nobel prize , russell crowe took on a difficult and demanding role . jennifer connelly , who plays his understanding wife , won an oscar for supporting actress and her performance was also excellent . the highest accolades , however , must go to ron howard who directed it and akiva goldsman who wrote the screenplay . they certainly deserved the awards they won and , while good actors can be found everywhere , it is that special combination of knowing just what words to say or angle to shoot a scene that made this the perfect film.it was n't just the story , which is , in itself , awe-inspiring . it was how that story was told and the message it proclaimed loud and clear that made it a winner . the audience was pulled right into john nash 's mind . we saw and felt his delusions . we thought they were real . and we were right there with him as he gradually came to realize that they were just a product of his mind . then , as story developed , we learned a valuable lesson , one that relates to all of us whether we admit it or not . if it is possible for mr. nash to live with his demons and go on and make a valuable contribution to society , then all of us can learn to live with ours . this theme rang true as i watched the film , and will live with me long after . it 's a beautiful concept and `` the beautiful mind '' is a winner on all counts . i give this film my highest recommendation . do n't miss it !
= the academy awards got it right !
< the best picture of the year

> made of an interesting blending of materials , this t-shirt is light weight non-clingy , breathable , pulls moisture away from the obdy and provides some ( 50 + upf ) protection from the sun.i got it in this size for two reasons - it was either going to be great for me for around the house comfort and perhaps a sleep-shirt or great for my larger-sized husband . unfortunately now he is going to have to snatch it from my life-less fingers if he wants it . i love it.it was comfy for around the house wear since it was sized just perfectly . the color is true to the picture ( cobalt ) . it is a true man 's xxl . it fits me by skimming across my body loosely , and falling at mid-thigh ( i am round 5'3 '' ) and normally a woman 's xl or xxl.there are many more pro 's than there are cons - as a matter of fact the only 'con ' i could find it that it picks up stray cat fur quite easily . however , it is just a easily and quickly cleaned of with a fabric brush.as far as washing - the very second day i was wearing it , i got tomato and some mayo on it ( eating a sandwich , darn-it ! ) i sprayed it with a little spray 'n wash , washed it with a load of other clothes that needed cold wash , tumbled dried everything on low ( recommended ) and it came out perfect . no staining , no wrinkles and no shrinkage.it did n't even pick up any snags from my cats claws or my jewelry.you ca n't ask for more in a t-shirt.i wonder if i should let my husband wear it too ? nah .
= 4.5 stars-close to perfect !
< comfy , light , and easy to use

> the first time that i tried to read the lovely bones i could n't get past the first chapter , in which susie salmon matter-of-factly describes her rape and murder at the age of 14. i finally picked it up again a couple of years later , mostly because i kept hearing what a wonderful book it was and how i must read it . this time i made it past the first chapter and was relieved that the rest of the book is not as upsetting to read . however i still did n't really like the lovely bones , which i found slow and lacking in dramatic tension.as you probably know , the book is narrated by susie from heaven . although she has died at 14 , she continues to watch over her friends and family ( and her murderer ) from above as they move on with their lives . all of them were profoundly affected by susie 's death and in some cases it changed forever the arc of their lives . the book is really about this - the way damaged people pick up the pieces and move on - and although at times it pretends that it 's about the hunt for her killer , alice sebold chooses to let that be a sub-plot that quietly fades away without resolution . susie is able to forgive her murderer more easily than the reader is.i found the book interesting and quietly affecting - i liked the idea that the dead stay with us - but overall it was still a long , slow read that i was relieved to finish .
= maybe i 'm just soulless ...
< i liked it

> in 2009 , a vaccine for cancer caused a virus that turned nearly all of the people on earth into rabid , blood-thirsty , zombies . it is now 2012 , and as far as robert neville ( will smith ) knows , he and his trusty dog are the only uninfected creatures in new york city . he spends his days watching dvds , driving the deserted streets hunting for deer , and working in his laboratory , trying to find a cure for this horrible virus . no matter what , he has to be home by sundown , because that 's when the zombies come out.i like will smith a lot and here he gives a somber yet powerful performance that tugs at your heartstrings and has you rooting for him . he and his dog make a very likeable team and they make the movie . i do n't like films that over-do the cgi stuff - i think it makes then too cartoony - and , unfortunately , this movie is loaded with it . the blown-up bridges and deserted , weedy streets of new york are too obviously fake , and the zombies , while repulsive and frightening , are poorly done and never looked real.the unoriginal script and suspense factor were worth about three stars , while smith 's performance earned five stars , so i give it four stars ; intriguing and sometimes intense , but not really thrilling , due to bad computer images and because the last-man-on-earth plot has been done before ( the omega manandthe last man on earth ) .
= i liked will and the dog
< the best of the series

> predatoris a true sci-fi classic . like thealien quadrilogy ( alien/ aliens /alien 3 /alien resurrection ) , a powerful alien creature slaughters humans like cattle.what makespredatorso great - and what more recent copycats lack - is a great cast of characters and dramatic scenes . far from just being cannon fodder , you actually start to like dillon and blane and the rest . i 'll never forget the scene when dillon becomes so nervous he breaks his razor while shaving - what a great way to add tension to the scene . of course , arnold schwarzenegger does a great job of being both tough and in control.remarkably , for a film over 23 years old , the special effects do n't seem dated at all . that 's another great thing about the way the movie was made - rather than stuffing it with computer-generated graphics , the filmmakers used the technology they had in creative ways to accomplish what they needed . the result is more subtle and interesting , including not knowing what the predator looks like until the end rather than shooting dozens of closeup shots of cg predators..if you have n't seen it , definitely check it out . unfortunately , there does n't seem to be a high quality blu-ray version out yet , but the regular dvd is just fine.interesting sidenote : two of the actors in this film , schwarzenegger and jesse venture , later become governors . that could only happen with a quality movie !
= a sci-fi classic
< `` i 'm a classic ''

> nicholas sparks ' latest love story , safe haven , is easily one of the best he 's written . his fans will love it.katie has moved to a small town on the east coast , where she is looking for a new start . she 's scraping by , barely making ends meet as a waitress . alex is a prematurely gray haird , ex-army officer , who runs the general store while raising his two young children after his wife died . standard sparks stuff , of course . the novel is set apart by the katie 's past . once she tells her story midway through the novel , you 'll be rooting even more for her . carly , alex 's deceased wife , provides a powerful emotional punch not found in other sparks novels.of course , the novel has the standard sparks writing problems . he 's often too wordy , and the use of up to three character point of views over the span of a couple paragraphs can confuse the reader . but , sparks is n't going to change . why should he with the success he 's had.safe haven is a powerful novel from sparks . the man in katie 's past and his descent into obsession is truly terrifying and frightenly realistic . supporting character jo turns in a few great moments herself . it is one his fans will enjoy and it will make a great movie some day .
= one of sparks ' best . bad guy is truly evil , ending is great .
< sparks is a powerful novel

> my almost two year old grand-daughter talks a lot . a typical recent conversation is `` hi papa ! gqbxr , rtplkms regimgtddsts . nemo , papa ! so we have watched `` finding nemo '' a bunch lately , which is fine because it is a great film . it 's no `` little mermaid '' , but it is probably better for kids in a lot of ways.first , i am a helpless romantic , but how good is it for my girls to watch movies where their happiness depends on them getting the prince ? that was the typical message from disney for years , so i guess there is something to be said about getting off of that message.second , it deals with various disabilities in a helpful way . going to a message about overcoming , trusting , and asking and accepting help , and that is a good message . also key to my little family that is literally riddled with adhd , dory is a family hero.third , when the movie is over , the screen saver is not annoying at all ! and lastly , ( and most importantly ) the story and the animation are first rate , and it is not painful at all to watch and re-watch to make my little grand-girl happy . those snuggle times go by way to fast .
= snuggle time with my grand-daughter !
< a great film for kids

> the advertising is seductive . a handsome young chef prepares a wonderful meal of quality food for his adorable little dog . you too can do the same by buying his premium dog food.unfortunately the food does not live up to the hype . even though beef is the first ingredient , the protein count is boosted by plant ingredients , to wit , soy and corn gluten meal . additionally , it contains other questionable ingredients incuding animal digest ( chemically hydrolized by products sprayed on the food to improve the flavor ) , chicken by products ( essentially rendered slaughterhouse waste ) and artificial colors . it also includes menadione which is a form of vitamin k suspected in allergies , liver toxicity and abnormal breakdown of red blood cells . the food itself had little odor and an relatively attractive appearance . luckily my dogs , who usually do n't show the best judgment with their food choices , were n't too enthusiastic and only nibbled reluctantly.i believe what you feed your dog impacts his health . i have a few friends who actually prepare the food for their dogs but that is largely impracticle for me . so i will continue investing in fromms and innova , both premium products . expensive , yes but worth it as an investment in the pet 's health and well being .
= do n't be fooled
< seductive and seductive

> i 'd normally call this `` junk food '' because it 's pretty much low calorie food with very little nutrition . even so , if you 've got to eat something sweet and crunchy , this is n't a particularly bad thing to have . the fruit crisps taste like those mcdonald 's apple pies , but have nowhere near the fat or calories . so , i 'd probably grab one of these instead of a fried apple pie to get the same good feeling.if you 're looking for something like fig newtons ( or apple newtons ) , you 'll be sorely disappointed . however , i 've never been a newton-fan ( other than the physicist ) and therefore was pleasantly surprised when i did n't get a gooey mouthful of apple newton.if they could be improved on , i 'd say they could use more fruit , but overall i 'd say this is worth a shot especially if you 're counting calories or looking for something your family will eat that is n't as bad for them as some things . but , be aware , this is junk food . loads of sugar and carbs -- with 0 fiber and no vitamins to speak of .
= pretty good for snack food
< not bad , but not great

> holy crap balls , i love asher ! ! ! my heart hurt for zeke cooper , and i did n't know how i was going to feel about asher , but jeeezus i love him ! he 's everything a man should be , sweet , emotional , protective , and good in bed ; ) the story of asher and chelcie is a sweet and slightly emotional one . you read about how ash and zeke grew up , and you feel the emotions that are coming off of ash , and how he was n't able to protect his younger brother , and you also see how he and chelcie are handling their loss.the & # 34 ; drama & # 34 ; that happened in this book was n't as bad as the last book . i do n't think my heart could have handled anything more than this . all i know sj is bat- $ hit cray cray ! i am really excited to read about locke and emmy . looking forward to that story .
= cooper ( corps security book 5 )
< i love asher ! ! !

> this container of tide coldwater clean is 92 fluid ounces and does approximately 48 loads . the maker suggests you can & # 34 ; save 50 % on your energy bills by switching from hot/warm water to cold water & # 34 ; . this product has a fresh scent , a sharp , clean smell that reminds me of new grass and plants on a spring day , and it has no phosphates . the container has a pour spout that helps prevent spills and wasted soap liquid . the cap is a measuring cup with markings for small , medium , and large loads . the container is made from & # 34 ; 25 % or more post-consumer , recycled plastic & # 34 ; .tide has been a trusted name in the industry for many years , and this is another excellent product .
= excellent product
< tide coldwater clean

> i 'll admit , the first hundred pages were tougher than expected , but when the story picked up , it was hard to put down . i 'll skip the storyline , as many have already given that information.after reading the three twilight stories , i have gotten used to her style of writing . do n't expect the host to read like an action adventure movie . just like twilight , the host is subtle , depending more on the characters thoughts and emotions and interactions than any big drawn out 'everything rides on this ' moments.the characters are genuine and the storyline carries you through the 500 plus pages easily.i recommend this to anyone who enjoyed twilight or who enjoys love stories , b/c that is what the host is at heart .
= great read
< not what i expected

> these bags are perfect for the times i am watching my 3yr . old grandson . i put grapes and sliced apples with a juice box inside them , so when we are out running errands , and he wants a snack , i can just take it right out and give him the bag . he loves the dr. seuss pattern , and he loves the zipper , so as long as he is happy , then everyone 's happy . i have n't used it for sandwiches yet , but i 'm not real sure i will . i do n't want the bag to have any kind of weird smells to it , because i reuse them for just snacks , and they are perfect for that .
= perfect for snacks
< great for my 3yr

> captain phillips was nominated for 6 academy awards . tom hanks provides an intense performance that fans will appreciate . you get a blu-ray , dvd and an ultraviolet digital copy in this release . the picture and audio quality are superb . for bonus content there is a 58 minute documentary plus an audio commentary.video resolution/codec : 1080p/avc mpeg-4 | aspect ratio : 2.40:1audio formats : english dts-hd master audio 5.1 surround , french dolby digital 5.1 surround , spanish dolby digital 5.1 surroundsubtitles/captions : english subtitles , english sdh , french subtitles , spanish subtitlesspecial features : audio commentary , capturing captain phillips documentary ( hd ) buy this blu-ray .
= captain phillips on 2-disc blu-ray/dvd combo
< captain phillips

> i do n't care that we know nothing about jesse , or that ava sometimes lacked conviction . i loved this book . finally another f 'd up lead that can make my head spin . although i am not happy about having to wait for book two.jesse is hot and his sexy secret is not hard to uncover for yourself early on . but there are so many possible twists that can happen as we learn more.i will be reading book two the day it comes out .
= i loved it
< loved it !

> the flavor of the half tea half berry lemonade is actually good but too strong to dilute in a 16.9oz bottle of water- that 's the suggestion on the box . i poured one packet into a 23.7oz bottle of water and it was almost there . between the honey and the sucralose , i think this drink comes to a very sweet drink . i wish it only had honey like the picture on the box and not include extra sweetener .
= dilute more than recommended
< good but too strong

> writing a review is hard without giving anything away..let 's start with nell and kyle ... what a sweet couple ... such a sweet guy ... i was very upset by events that took place ... now we have hot sexy bad ass colton kyle 's older brother ... .i loved him ! ! ! ! i have to stop here now because i do n't want to ruin the story for anybody but omg this book was awesome ...
= must read
< loved it ! ! !

> i like this case because it does n't just protect the back like a lot of cases , and also because even though it does protect the entire phone , it 's not bulky and heavy like plastic cases . i think this is a nice looking case that is simple and clean , not bulky with all sorts of stuff all over it . this is lighter than other plastic covers i 've used .
= sturdy and looks clean
< nice looking case

> the beginning of emma and aidan 's story is funny , risky and sexy ! emma the conservative girl is wanting to have a baby , no strings attached and has asked her bff to be the donor , things do n't work out and she finds herself contemplating the proposition from her company 's manwhore . will she accept the proposition and keep herself from getting attached to aidan ? read on ... .
= the proposition
< funny , risky and sexy !

> unless something is really wrong with measuring cups , i 'm not sure how much there is to say . these measuring cups are as easy to use as any others . the one thing i did n't like about them is that it 's hard to get them on and off the ring that is supposed to hold them . other than that , i have n't had any troubles using them .
= these measuring cups are fine
< easy to use

> it was ok. i cant ' say that i thought it was impressive in all honesty . its a fancy name for a dog food that ... well the dogs ate it but really was n't special in my humble opinion . i think its a fancy name made to make us think we are spoiling our beloved dogs but really is not better than other products . sorry but thats the truth .
= it was ok .
< i cant ' say

> i 've been a big believer in b-12 for some time . this product has twice as much b-12 as the nature 's bounty i get at a warehouse store . both have a similar look and color . the nature 's bounty dissolve easier and has a sweeter taste . the jarrow takes longer to dissolve but is not as sweet ( this is a good thing .
= nice flavor
< b-12

> both of our dogs seemed to really like this food , however , liking it is not the only issue here . just as kids like candy if you give it to them , it is not what is best for them . this dog food is lacking in nutritional value , and i would not recommend it as a steady diet for your dog .
= both dogs liked it ... .
< not bad , but not great

> ugh , i hate to do a bad review , but this book just sucked . the first book completely rocked , the follow-up was plain disappointing . sorry abbi , i love all your books , but this book was just thrown together and the ending , well it just ended in a bad spot . do n't waste your money . : (
= so disappointed
< disappointing

> loved this book and the whole series ! ! this was a sweet loving book and i ca n't get enough of these people ! ! ! cage and melissa are so much in love and the loves they share with their new found family is so awesome.ca n't wait to get into the next book in the series ! !
= loved this ! ! ! !
< loved it ! !

> this is definitely a must read story ! ! ! ! ! ! i ca n't wait to start the next one `` beauty from surrender '' . this was so good , i read it in one day ! ! ! great job georgia cates keep up the great work ! ! no pressure their lol
= kate k
< love love love

> `` suzanne collins is the most exciting writer to come along since stephanie meyer ! what meyer did with her twilight series ; collins is doing with her hunger games books in this engaging series about katniss everdeen who escaped the games and now will determine the success of the rebellion . ''
= move over twilight - there is a new series in town !
< a great series

> colleen hoover , you completely rock ! ! ! ! ! i enjoyed reading this book so much . when i read the end , i just smiled & turned to my husband & sighed ... well done , if your looking for a really good read , this is your book .
= just wow ... .
< i loved this book ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> these lutein pills literally smell like horse manure . the size of the pill is small but i have not been able to get past the smell to regularly take it . i am not a great pill taker and easily gag . per other reviews they do seem to work .
= off putting smell
< smell like horse manure

> tears of tess was more than i had anticipated . made me squirm while reading and i stayed up all night to finish it ! such a dark story of love in a twisted way . will be continuing on with the series .
= solid 4.5 horrific stars
< wow !

> this was a cute little story . sorta the reality behind a game show . two people met and fell into hate then love while learning how to survive .
= games 1
< cute

> a little insight to lucas & si and how they met & why he remembers her so strongly . lucas wolfe is wonderfully wicked !
= love lucas
< lucas & si

> on the surface , this stunner from sam mendes is such a relentlessly bleak look at the vacuity of the supposed & quot ; american dream & quot ; that viewers may just turn off to it en masse . and it shows in the acute polarization of reviews here on amazon.but if you can be a little less knee-jerk and not shut off all rational thought when confronted with what 's disturbingly familiar , you may also find that the film is genuinely , voraciously amusing , and directed with such breathtaking flair that spacey 's bravura performance seems like a career-defining one.beneath the surface of all the seeming pettiness in our daily idiosynchrasies , the theme points out , is an entire world of such simple elegance that chortles to be seen and heard , but is neither recognized nor heeded to.an interesting visual device in the film is the use of windows . not just a use , but a splurge , come to think of it . almost everything important happens in front of , around , or through windows . could this be a metaphor perhaps for self-examination , for viewing one 's life from the outside ? what i do not understand is why most films in this genre ( ice storm , ordinary people ) end with a dramatically tragic finale . does it take a shattering turn of events to break everyone out of their daily reverie ? something to think about.any rate , long story short : an evocative gem you need to own .
= an exquisite affirmation of life
< a amusing gem

> this book is too much . too much sex , too much alcohol , too much drug use , too much self-mutilation , too many people intent on the destruction of themselves and others . the narrator and her family could be poster children for the 21st century version of any grimms fairy tale ( only without the happy ending ) .the narrator , camille preaker , a reporter ( with more than a few problems of her own ) returns to her home town to investigate the murder of two young girls . the town of wind gap harbors more than it 's share of bizarre characters and would be an excellent place to set up practice if you happen to be a psychiatrist in search of a new client base.we have a self-centered , irrational mother ; an out of control half-sister , high school friends all displaying symptoms of neurotic behaviour , murder victims who are less than sympathetic , and a group of insidious teen-aged girls who could have stepped out of a work by john saul or perhaps edgar alan poe.gillian flynn writes of her unhinged creations ; malovolent females , victims and victimizers , poisoness environments , with such clarity and knowledge , it makes one wonder about the childhood of this writer.all in all , not a very pretty tale ... ..but one that does stay with you like a bad dream . two and a half stars .
= too much
< too much sex , too much alcohol

> i have been using portable external hard drives for a little while now . they have added a few years to the life of my hard drives.from a programmer 's perspective these drives have been great . i use them for running 4 different virtual machines using vmware fusion.usb 3.0 is a definite must though . they are slow as mud if you are n't using usb 3.0. on the other side of the speed spectrum using my seagate backup plus portable thunderbolt adapter makes them lighting fast ! ! for digital image storage they are great . when we go on vacation i usually end up with about 7-10 gigs of photos.i guess the best thing they bring to the table is mobility between my pc at work , my work laptop , my pc 's and laptops at home , and my macbook pro . i currently back up and transfer all my work on them . i have both the usb adapter and the seagate backup plus portable thunderbolt adapter.the seagate backup plus 1 tb usb 3.0 portable external hard drive for mac and the seagate backup plus portable thunderbolt adapter are definitely worth the price . they have save me a ton of time going between different environments .
= awesome external drive ! ! !
< great for mac and mac

> it 's hard to say whether volume 1 or volume 2 is more enjoyable . someday in the near future , i hope to own the complete kill bill special edition dvd collection . or maybe tarantino will edit the whole thing together into one movie as it was originally planned . anyway , both films can stand by themselves . true , there is n't a fight sequence in this film as monumental as the bride fighting all of the crazy 88 's , but her fight sequence with darryl hannah ( entitled provocatively , `` elle and i '' ) will leave a lasting impression.in the first film , we were left to infer things without getting all the information . we never even actually `` saw '' bill . however , we formed certain expectations about him . this film succeeds in confounding those expectations . the film sequence turns out to be surprisingly poignant . of course , there is great tarantino dialogue here as well - i did n't think anyone would come up with anything fresh to say on the subject of superman , but he does . all in all , this is an incredibly fun ride .
= elle and i ...
< a fun ride

> this ranks amongthe godfather , part ii ( two-disc widescreen edition ) , spider-man 2 ( widescreen special edition ) andaliens ( two-disc collector 's edition ) as one of the few sequels to surpass the original . coincidentally , this is created by the same man who gave us aliens.i 'm sure all of you know the story , arnold schwarzenegger is sent back in time by john connot to protect his young self from the t-1000 . this movie is action packed and amazing when it comes to technology . the t-1000 looks even better than most of the movie being produced today.but the real treat here is the dvd . two discs jam packed full of features . it includes numerous features , three , count them , three versions of the movie , theatrical , special , and extended editons of the movie . it also includes a very busy audio commentary , the script anf 700+ storyboards . there 's so much on this disc it 'd take me hours just to list all of it.this is a must have . definite must have . the movie is wonderful and the dvd complements it perfectly .
= the movie : must have . the dvd : must have
< spider-man 2 ( two-disc widescreen edition )

> connelly 's the brass verdict brings together two of his most interesting characters -- mickey haller ( from the lincoln lawyer ) and det . harry bosch , with haller being the primary character . the plot involves defense attorney haller back in the courtroom after a two year hiatus . this comes about after haller inherits the practice of a former colleague who is murdered . part of this inheritance results in haller 's biggest case yet -- the defense of a prominent movie studio executive accused of murdering his wife and her lover . this inheritance come with a price for haller , as he soon learns from bosch that his former colleague 's murderer may be coming for him next . bosch 's role focuses on his determination to find the killer of haller 's colleague at any cost -- even if it means using haller as bait . while not connelly 's best work , the brass verdict is definitely a page-turner with fully developed characters , believable prose and its share of surprises . typical of a michael connelly book , the brass verdict is well worth reading . enjoy !
= a good , fast-paced mystery !
< haller and haller

> this bumkins sandwich and snack bag is almost as easy as a ziploc bag and much better for the environment . it 's the same size as a standard plastic sandwich bag and fits the same size sandwich or amount of snacks . the zipper works well and closes the bag from end to end . because of the zipper , the bag is not quite water proof as a plastic bag would be , but the rest of it is lined and prevents moisture from seeping through the body of it.it says it 's machine washable and needs to hang dry . i 'm kind of wary of washing food containers with clothes , so i washed it in the machine by itself once , but that seemed like a waste of water and electricity . it washed fine , but now i hand wash it with my hand wash dishes and that seems to work just as well . i would like to get some more of these so i can use them on a daily basis instead of every other day after it 's washed and dried .
= go green
< easy to use , easy to use , but not as good as ziploc

> this is a beautiful case and may be great for paperwhite and thinner models , but it 's not great for touch . i have a cheaper crazyondigital case that i have been using , and it has a magnetic snap closure that works great . when i first opened this case , i noted that it had a magnetic closure with no snap ( so there 's just a magnet on the edge that you ca n't see ) . cool ! only when i put my touch in it , i guess it 's too thick and the magnets do n't work.the touch fits great , but because the magnetic closure does n't work , i wo n't be using this as my usual case for my touch.the case is also beautiful , but i feel like it 's overpriced . my crazyondigital was like half the price of this one and included chargers etc , and i do n't feel like the quality on this one is that much better.so maybe buy it if you have a paperwhite , but not if you have a touch .
= magnetic closure does n't work for touch
< beautiful case

> war of the worlds is a bit unnerving and its uneasy feel is precisely what was intentioned . the unknown , especially a foreign and threateningly gruesome and deadly evil unknown is indelibly presented here . visually many of the images are very disturbing and have a nightmarish quality about them that is almost too real . the performances here match the visual integrity of the nightmare come true . tom cruise gives a very low-key performance in his anti-hero becoming a hero in his role as the downtrodden father . tim robbins almost steals this movie in a standout performance as a man losing his humanity by events he ca n't control . the cruise character seems to constantly evaluate events , regain his control and move on . he gains strength from his struggle and the weakness of the robbins character . spielberg and company do an outstanding job here . in all , this film is good . it adds several dimensions over the george pal film , while ignoring others , yet inimitably stands on its own .
= a decidedly visual nightmare
< a good film

> this is a light crunchy cereal that has a nice flavor to it . i like that it has 12g protein , although soy , and 4g dietary fiber . it 's interesting that these have the same calories and fats as honey nut cheerios but only 1/3 of the sugars . kay 's is managing to get the flavor without the sugar.i like these single packages for car use too ! this way i can throw them in my car cooler and then send them to the back seat crowd . i know it is better nutritionally than other things i have sent back in a pinch . ( for instance , never ever take 3 children under the age of 4 through a dq drive up window . ) my favorite cereal is honey nut cheerios and i have tried a lot of more natural os that are supposed to be ` like ' honey nut cheerios . these are the best so far .
= great car snack !
< light crunchy cereal

> i have been using this for the past one week and it works great . this power unit charges three to four times as fast as via usb connection to your computer/laptop . it does n't have a polarized plug and therefore can be plugged-in with the usb port . if you are not a regular user of amazon kindle , then you do n't need this powerfast charger , trickle charging using your computer would be just fine . regarding the price , when you order with kindle it is $ 9.99 . if you order separately it is $ 19.99 . this is something you may need to consider . some reviewers have complained that this is a bad design , and it is difficult to connect to usb . i did not have any problems using this and it is just fine.1.kindle fire hd 7 '' , dolby audio , dual-band wi-fi , 16 gb - includes special offers
= works fine
< works great

> i am constantly buying new scissors , i try cheap and expensive trying to find a pair that is just right . these scissors from scotch seem to work great for me in my home office . i package and sell books so am using these scissors to cut cardboard , paper , labels , tape and plastic . so far they are working great , much better than scissors that i paid much more money for ! i would recommend these scissors for any business , shipping department , classroom and for crafts where you cut all kinds of things.these scissors are advertised as non-stick , no more sticky build-up on blades , which is a problem i have had in the past so i am hoping they will live up to this claim ! so far so good and i would recommend them for all kinds of household and business use !
= scissors are always in demand !
< great for crafts !

> gravity is a pretty easy movie to sum up . beautiful visuals thanks to 100 % convincing cgi , great acting and a musical score that adds so much to what you are seeing . there is not too much of a story other than survival in space , though some character development emerges as the movie goes along . sandra bullock delivers a performance that should get her another oscar nomination . her acting here is very natural and believable . george clooney is likeable and a perfect contrast to bullock 's uptight and nervous character . i expect to see gravity up for multiple awards ( picture , director , actress , visuals effects and numerous other technical ones ) . sure it is more of a thrill ride than a structured movie , but it is unlike any movie i 've ever seen , especially in imax 3-d .
= it 's not just a movie , it 's an experience
< a great movie

> i 've always appreciated spider man ( spidey ) because he 's like a real person with real problems . i loved toby maguire and kirsten dunst in their roles as peter parker and the girl next door . this was an epic movie that covered a lot of ground in spiderman 's early life , explaining how he got to be what he became.what i like most of this movie is the depiction of spidey 's city , new york with touches of chicago and made in a fantasyland of good people and some hardcore villains . my least favorite dimension was surprisingly a good part of the action and special effects . i expected to like the spiderlike scenes more , but they seemed repetitious and overly long to me . i recommend the movie but without the one hundred percent endorsement i expected .
= my favorite action hero
< a good movie but not great

> this seagate thunderbolt backup plus for mac is a must have . if any of you have ever experienced a loss of data or inadvertently deleted an important file , you know that such a purchase is essential . this desktop unit stores an incredible 3 tb ( terra bytes ) of data ( any and all of your files ) is works perfectly with mac 's time machine . it is an attractive design and comes with the thunderbolt cable . this seatgate external hard drive for mac comes with an impressive three-year limited warranty . please do remember that your initial backup will take quite a long time subject , of course , to the amount of data you have on your mac . once the initial backup is done , the unit continues to store and protect your data seamlessly and invisibly .
= essential & impressive external hard drive backup unit for mac users
< great for mac

> inception , i think , is a fine film to watch on a rainy day if you are looking for something twisty-complicated that 's meant to make you think a bit.i though the acting was solid . leonardo perhaps plays it a bit low-key , but the performances of the other characters make for a good complimentary match so that it all works.the special effects were realistic without that corny over-the-top thing that hollywood typical goes for.the storyline is n't entirely new , but it 's woven in a convincing way and you do n't need very much suspension of disbelief to be tugged along.summary : great performances of a less than awe inspiring plot . a nice diversion , it 's possible to go check on the dryer and not totally lose your place .
= good rainy day flick
< great performances , but not great

> super all around experience : - easy on installation after a screen wipeoff with microfiber cloth- no bubbles and perfect fit- excellent touch screen response- effectively kills off all glare , with a huge improvement in outdoor ( bright light ) visibility- as desired ; peel off , wash with water , reapplythis is really a well designed and well executed product . only downside is a wee bit of deterioration in display definition , but that is far superior to not being able to read the screen at all in glaring daylight . and , in my opinion , an improvement over the naked screen in touch screen `` feel '' .no disappointments here .
= darn near perfect
< super all around experience

> the story of sienna and lucas 's first encounter , all over you is the sexually charged prequel to devoured ! told in part from lucas 's pov , we meet the rock star who is used to getting everything he wants and his reaction to a wardrobe assistant who seems to sweet to be real . she is attracted , but not easy ! the required villain ? ? ? ? seems to be lucas 's ex-wife ! a great short read , a little dark with the promise of turning up the heat , if you know what i mean ! ; )
= feel the heat !
< a little dark

> i have a strong urge to make friends . i loved this man and btm was a great follow-up . you get a better look into the world of jesse and piece together the reason for some of his craziness.be prepared for a lot of sex . i thought book one had a ton of sex , but this story was filled to the brim with every type of f & # $ you could imagine.this felt very fifty shades , but with a bit more destructiveness involved with jesse.great read and hot story .
= fully consumed by all things jesse ward .
< loved it !

> wow , this is one of those books that will pull your emotions in every direction at the same time . such a perfect story and i loved it . one i started , i could n't put it down , even staying up later than i should have . the characters were great and the story flowed well and pulled me in from the first page . this is the first book i 've read by tammara webber and i love her writing style and look forward to reading more from her .
= perfect !
< loved it !

> it can be so hard to get kids to reapply sunscreen . this is so cool to the touch that the kids can not wait to reapply and ooh and ahh over the cooling effect . this makes my job easier ! i love the cooling effect as well , it is really refreshing on a hot day at the beach . the sunscreen stayed on well when we were active and kept our skin looking the same as it did the moment we hit the beach .
= on a hot day , this feels good !
< great for kids

> i want this movie to be released on 4k blu-ray . i love science fiction and this movie , while sadly not about aliens , was pretty cool . the story was original and actors were quite good . it 's a cool movie , and soundtrack is just amazing . i feel like something might be missing , but i ca n't quite put my hand on what can that be . great movie ! you should see it !
= hopefully it will come out in 4k blu-ray soon
< great movie !

> great soft rubber tip to imitate a human finger tip works great on many devices . it will obviously not leave the same stains as fingerprints will as fingers usually have at least some traces of oil . if i had to nit-pick about one thing is that i wish it had a pen-like cap at the end so that i could cling it to a shirt . other than that , there are no complaints with this one .
= simple ... what else do you need ?
< great for a human finger tip

> this is a good antiperspirant and deodorant . it has no scent and is hypoallergenic.i like the lack of scent . some deodorants can be so heavy and strong and i do n't need to reek of deodorant.it 's pleasant to use and i 'm sure i 'll be using this again although my personal preference is mitchum.i would recommend this to anyone who may have not like a strong smelling deodorant or to someone with allergies .
= good deodorant and antiperspirant
< good antiperspirant

> wan na scare the `` bejesus '' out yourself , view this film after watching 1944 's `` the uninvited ( with ray milland ) , '' `` the innocents '' ( with deborah kerr ) from 1961 and the 1980 george c. scott-vehicle `` the changeling '' . this quartet embodies the true measure of a ghost story.hey , maybe only great goose bump flicks come every twenty years or so ! ! !
= one of four great movies of the spectre cinema
< the best ghost movie of all time ! ! !

> i love these anco contour wiper blades . they 're easy to install , work well and last quite a while . i 've found they work no matter the weather conditions , and in winter or summer with no problems at all . i 've had these last up to a year with regular use , and probably could have gotten even longer out of them . recommended !
= excellent
< great wiper blades

> well what can i say i wish micha was my man he 's awesome alpha male yum and ella really made headway in this book sorting out her demons there of course were angsty feelings and hot scenes but that 's what makes the book so good i def was happy with this book
= great sequel
< micha

> i loved this book ! best one yet ! i loved nix , but linc is just so amazing and beautiful ! i enjoyed the book so much i finished it in one day ! would love to see follow-ups to all the books !
= linc is so amazing !
< loved it !

> these are a great pair of scissors for the price . they are easy to hold with a smooth and firm grip on the handles . they also cut very smoothly even with cardboards . i highly recommend these for the kitchen !
= great value !
< great pair of scissors

> this is a great product for snack . easy to use and to clean . you can even throw them in the wash or dish washer . nice for the earth . cute design too .
= nice for the earth
< great for snack

> these cookies were crispy and delicious . everyone in the family from tween to grandpa loved them . this will definately become a staple in our house .
= yummy !
< delicious

> dnf ... ... .i finally gave up on this book i 'm sure other people love it but it just was n't for me : - )
= mmmmm ... ... .
< finally ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

> `` spider-man '' is the best movie based on a comic book hero since 1978 's `` superman - the movie . '' that 's not to knock the first two `` batman '' flicks , but sam raimi 's film based on the school geek turned crimefighter packs a greater punch of thrills and magic unlike anything i 've seen in a while . also , like `` superman , '' `` spider-man '' has a charming innocence that can make even grown adults believe in superheroes . tobey maguire has a reputation for bringing to life offbeat nerds , whether the films are `` wonder boys '' or `` cider house rules . '' but here , maguire hits the bullseye as peter parker , the brainy student who has the hots for the girl next door ( kirsten dunst ) . when parker gets accidentally bitten by a spider , his body changes and he learns of his true calling . but every hero has his nemesis , and in this film , spider-man 's sworn enemy is the nasty green goblin , played to the hilt by willem defoe . raimi does what many other directors fail to do : make a compelling summer movie that does n't reek of corporate stench . the special effects are cool , but they take a backseat to the storyline and the cast which make up `` spider-man 's '' greatest strengths . on its own merits , this film really earns four stars , but the loaded quality features force me to give it an extra star . however , the picture quality for a movie this recent is fairly disappointing . many of the images look a bit pale and washed out , though the surround sound is sure to rock your system . i had long avoided `` spider-man '' because it looked less like a movie than a shameless money making machine . but it 's far better than it appears . give it a try and get yourself caught in the web .
= caught in the web .
< a charming summer movie

> given the multitude of reviews that aptly summarize what this book is about , i 'll just say that the girl who kicked the hornet 's nest is an admirable conclusion to stieg larsson 's highly successful trilogy . on the plus side , the book provides a credible , mostly satisfying wrap-up of the various plots and sub-plots carried forward from the first two books in the series . further , the concluding 150-200 pages provide a fast-paced , satisfying read . however , the reading experience leading up to the concluding pages was often tedious and , at times , boring . the primary reason for this is that larsson filled the book with a lot of minutiae , too much detail and so many minor characters that i felt i needed a scorecard to keep track of who 's who . the girl who kicked the hornet 's nest would have , in my opinion , greatly benefited from some serious editing that resulted in the book being at least 100 pages shorter . for me , this book is a good example of where `` less would have been more . '' in addition , while the book is generally satisfying , it basically lacks suspense and is predictable . there 's no way that most readers of the first two books in this series are n't going to want to read the girl who kicked the hornet 's nest and will likely be satisfied with the experience overall . but , before doing so , be forewarned that this book is very unevenly paced and , for the most part , slow-paced ( especially during the first third ) .
= 3 1/2 stars -- generally entertaining but often tedious and predictable !
< a good conclusion to the series

> i had been hearing people say how great this movie was for a long time , and did n't watch it until after about a year after it 'd been released into theaters . wall-e is a very cute and likeable character , and for a little , clunky old robot , he has a lot of personality . it 's apparent that he has gained self-awareness , and in a world where he is alone , he manages nicely.we all wonder what happened to the humans , but that 's revealed soon enough and is a big part of the plot of the movie . it 's thought-provoking as this is a post-apocalyptic film , and is a good commentary on our current state of affairs . eve 's relationship with the robot is endearing , and i adored the ending sequence where they used various styles of art ... cave-paintings , egyptian , minoan , greek/roman , byzantium mosaics , medieval , and various styles of renaissance and impressionist-emulated styles show how the humans are progressing after the end of the film for a creative and fantastic montage which ultimately ends with a rather poignant image . this is an absolutely fantastic movie that is rendered beautifully and thoughtfully . a+++ !
= one of the best films
< wall-e

> this book was out of this world . we have a story that goes back and forth between past and present , sometimes a present that he ca n't remember much of . our hero is twenty-three and almost ready to take his final exam , when he receives word that both of his parents were in a car accident and have passed away . leaving no money and feeling desperate jacob jumps on a moving train . having no idea he has jumped on a circus train , he decides he has nothing left and starts working with the circus.he meets a beautiful woman , but finds out quickly she is married to a mad-man . however , she returns the attraction and we have a great love story , combined with their love of animals . this story was so rich with character details i just could n't put it down.when the book starts , it made me think marlena brought the stake down on august 's head , but that is n't the case . just wait till you find out who did ! what a book . took my breath away with a great story line . a true weaver of stories , thank you ms. gruen .
= 10 stars if possible !
< a great story

> i have to start by saying i tend to feel this is a return to form for king . if you look at this against his complete body of work , it is n't the greatest , but taken in it 's own right ( which we should really do ) this is a good story that should keep you hooked and turning those pages . i find it frustrating he uses the same metaphors from book to book ( who recognises the 'nerves like over tightened guitar strings ' phrase yet again ? ) but i guess after 40 books i can forgive him . i found the story to be downright chilling in places and reminiscent of 'the stand ' ( still his greatest ever book ! ) due to it 's end of the world survival themes . the idea is original and this book has a good ending which leaves you feeling satisfied . it 's also good to see an old-fashioned zombie story again . compared to the lack lustre affairs of his last few books , this is great horror reading and king doing what he does best.feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
= cell
< king of the stand

> thyis is by far the best film that the year 2001 has delivered . the three hour film takes you on an exciting roller coaster ride through some of the most tragic and heroic events of world war ii . there 's the dolittle raid of april , 1942. there 's also the events of the battle of britain in early 1941. and , of course , the pearl harbor attack of december 7th , 1941. the title sequence of the film is a master stroke : mixing fact and fiction to create a forty-minute sequence that , as the creators of the film had hoped , takes you back to that tragic time in history . every member of the cast and production team gave their all to create this $ 140 million film . but i ca n't believe it actually cost that much . upon seeing it , i woulda have told you that this movie cost somwhere between $ 200 million and $ 250 million . anyone interested in world war ii , or romance films , will enjoy this film . you 'll laugh , cheer , cry , and gasp . i guarantee it ! grade : a+
= exciting ! powerful ! lavishly produced !
< the best film of the year 2001 !

> a truly brilliant film worthy of the five major oscars it won : best picture , director , actor , actress and screenplay . in bringing thomas harris ' blood curdling novel to the screen , director jonathan demme keeps everything moving and adding some truly creepy atmospheric touches . jodie foster is marvelous as fbi agent clarice starling who enters into a bond with notorious serial killer hannibal lechter in trying to uncover the identity of buffalo bill , another heinous killer on the loose . anthony hopkins won his oscar for a little over 16 minutes of screen time , making him the only actor to win the big prize with the shortest screen time . however , his performance is so mesmerizing and chilling he is unforgettable . scott glenn offers fine support as jack crawford , foster 's boss whose respect and subtle admiration for her character spearheads her chase . ted levine as buffalo bill does n't have a lot of screen time , but he is perfect as the demented killer . silence of the lambs spawned two rather inferior sequels , but this film is picture perfect from start to finish . a modern classic .
= speak softly love
< a modern classic

> the bride ( uma thurman ) completes her mission to kill bill ( david carradine ) , dispatching a few other obstacles along the way . this film is quieter than the first , much to its detriment . volume 1 managed to overcome writer/director quentin tarantino 's directorial gimmicks and stilted dialogue during its many inspired action scenes . here , the gimmicks remain but there is less action to redeem it . something in me still responds to his characters , but i think tarantino is well on his way to being the most overrated director of our time . the long , geeky speeches that seemed fresh in `` pulp fiction '' are tipping over the border into self-parody ( although i did think that david carradine 's speech about superman toward the end was brilliant ; whoever makes the next movie about the man of steel should take note ) . with all the critical and popular success he is enjoying , there is no reason to expect him to restrain himself in the future./
= pretty good , but way overrated
< tarantino 's directorial gimmicks

> such an amazing book . nell and colton have both lived through so many heartaches in their lives , and together they are stronger and can face anything.i loved the young love that nell shared with kyle . his death was hard and such an emotional loss . nell struggles with his death and circumstances surrounding it.colton has lived a hard life and made it all by himself . he is drawn to nell and understands her pain . he desperately wants to help nell heal and be the person in her life she can depend on.nell and colton make beautiful music together and are able to start healing each other . together.this is a powerful story of healing , discovering new love and living life . great book ! you will cry , you will feel the despair of the characters , but you 'll also experience their healing and deep shared love .
= wow !
< amazing book !

> this was a breeze to set up . i backed up my whole computer via time machine on the mac . then i backed up a second mac . i did n't have any problems with either one.it is great to have these larger size drives because i can do a lot more backups before it deletes old ones.update : after just a few months the drive stopped powering up . a google search reveals problems with the power adaptor . i would not recommend this product at all since there are multiple failures of power adaptors out there . if it stopped working after a few years that would be one thing -- -but this stopped working after a few months . and i did not leave it plugged in . i unplugged it between uses -- -so it was used approximately 4 times before it failed .
= changed rating see notes
< not for me

> cs lewis 's story of the four pevensie children 's ( georgie henley , skandar keynes , william moseley , and anna popplewell ) adventures in the land of narnia comes to the screen as a big-budget , digital spectacle . although the battle , which was summarized in only a few bloodless paragraphs of the novel , takes up a good part of the running time -- and , no doubt , the budget -- of the film , the tone of the book is largely preserved . the children are perfectly cast and narnia portrayed as a generally friendly place , except for occasional appearances by the white witch ( tilda swinton ) and her cronies . i like big battle scenes , so the shift of emphasis to spectacle from character did n't bother me , but strict admirers of the novel may be disappointed .
= looks like the beginning of another successful franchise
< the land of narnia

> drew and kate are both in the same business . kate is a fresh grad and drew is the star at his father 's company . they are thrown together to see who can come up with a more creative pitch to win over a new client . highly competitive with each other they still end up becoming friends . the author did a great job of building the world in which they get to tell their story . this was well written and so easy to become engrossed in . i laughed so hard at drews situation with kate . this was wickedly funny and smart and just overall a great story about two people who end up where neither figured they would be . ca n't wait to see what becomes of these two . highly recommend .
= beautifully wicked funny
< a great story

> spoiler alertwhen i started this book i knew there were more in the series . so i expected the story to continue after this , and read it with the idea more was to come and we will learn more later . the next book from his pov is what this book lacked ! ! the author needed to give us more information on mr. black . did n't happen . he is such a wild one , tell us about it . every fight was taken to the extreme ! ! and when it started to get good , the author shoved everything into like a chapter and epilogue . was shocked she ended their story with only one book . and the sudden proposal did n't make sense . book went from one argument to another .
= disappointed
< i liked it ! !

> this is a very tasty new cereal that tastes good either in milk or alone . it looks similar to cheerios , but is crusted with peanuts . it has a nice peanut and honey taste and does not require any additional sweetner.i do wish that this product had more oat flour and less sugar though . as is , i 'm not sure what group they are trying to sell to . my 5 year-old liked it alot , but the marketing does not look geared towards that age-group . the over 30 group likes a little more fiber and less sugar in their cereal . i liked it , but probably will not get again , because of the above reasons .
= yummy and fairly healthy
< tasty , but not too sweet

> think about how you would cope if your entire life and everything you knew was a lie . then top that off by learning you have abilities you never knew you had . this is clary fray and now that she 's figuring it out , she ca n't go back but with jace would she even want to.simon loves her , jace is intrigued by her , isabella ca n't stand her , alex is jealous of her , better yet there are demons trying to kill her . the only way out is to live the life she was born to . wow ! awesome storytelling , this is what fiction is all about folks .
= how would you feel if your entire life way a lie ?
< wow !

> the tenacious author and the daughter of the most famous ( but unknown ) woman in medical research set out on a remarkable journey to discover the true story of the life and death of henrietta lacks - whose biopsied cervical cancer cells sparked a medical research revolution , a multi-million dollar industry , and a medical ethics debate that will probably be raging for decades ( but hopefully not centuries ) to come.skloot does a great job of explaining the science and remaining mostly `` invisible '' , while never forgetting that she is telling a story of real people with real feelings .
= science writing with a heart
< the life of henrietta lacks -

> interestingly enough , parmesan cheese is the first ingredient in these crackers , even before whole wheat flour . these are are very small crackers -- slightly bigger than a cheez-it -- so they work better with a dip than a spread , however , i did eat some with chicken salad and they were very pleasant . my only complaint is that having garlic in a dry product , as opposed to a freshly baked one , does n't come across as appealing . so these are n't quite to my tastes , but you may like them better than i .
= hearty dipping cracker
< small crackers , but pleasant taste

> after real and mine , there were no surprises but that was n't what this book from remy pov was about . it 's his intense thoughts from both books , from an intense character who loves hard , lives hard , and will die protecting what 's his . i loved it , it was only that i wished there was more bits of the future story along the way ( i 'm greedy to find out more ) but it was still very good . only lovers of the first two books will enjoy remy .
= for those who love remington ! !
< remy pov is a must read

> this should be made into a movie . do n't change a thing . i bought this book , thinking for some reason it was just going to be another silly romance ... boy , was it not ! it was so much more . there was violence , love , joy , blackmailing , self-discovery , big bugs , and amputees ! everything ! i love the love between sophie and ian ! i love the backdrop and all , with masego . there needs to be a sequel ... .for my sanity , please !
= amazing !
< i love this book !

> finally , an author that does n't make the heroine as psycho and crazy as the hero ! better than the crossfire series and fsog ! ! gabe is a beautiful control freak but banks has captured an element of vulnerability in this character which is soooo refreshing , he learns quicker than most anal control freaks and is an interesting hottie . i loved mia , she 's a beautiful , generous heroine with a strong sensible head on her shoulders . the entire book was a fantastic to read and easy to enjoy .
= perfect ! ! !
< another great book !

> the dove men & care sensitive face lotion was a pleasant surprise.pros : the dispenser is angled up with a thumb-sized depression to allow for easy application in small quantities . the lotion itself is almost completely odorless and is clear once rubbed into the skin . the lotion leaves the skin definitely softer after use and i 've only been using it a few times a week , not daily . the bottle is small enough to be travel size at under 3 ounces but lasts a reasonable amount of time .
= effective face lotion for men
< pleasant lotion

> first off let me say that i have read many books in the past , written by ms. hart and i loved them all , that is ... .until this book . this is a very short story with lots of hot steamy sex scenes , but very little in the way of actual story lines . i 'm really disappointed because it could have had some real potential.i would not recommend this book , unless all you really want to read about is hot , sexy , sex scenes .
= really disappointed .
< hot , hot , hot

> one night in a rain storm , jessica gets stuck in a ditch and walks to the frontdoor of a mansion which houses an unique members-only club where she attractsthe attention of a man named zachary or master z as he is called in the club.he 's also the owner . what secret delights await her ? and will master z find herdesirable ? read and find out ! must read ! adults 18+ only for steamy scenes.typolocation 90-91 - this paragraph should be over like the others
= welcome to the club . . .
< must read !

> i really enjoyed the book . was a quick read . & # 34 ; it 's a book that you do n't want to finish , simply because you can not stand the idea of the ending . you just want it to go on and on..the characters could n't have been better and the story more enthralling as it unraveled , leaving me breathless . i could n't put them down !
= what a great story
< great book !

> abbi glines is the bomb ! i fell in love with blair in the first book . she never changed throughout the series . she was a constant pillar of strength and self confidence . rush was the one who changed . he was so lost before blair . blair completed him . what a beautiful love story . this will be a series i go back to often .
= mad love for this series
< love rush !

> i tried one tube in a cold bottle of water- it was nice , fruity with a side of coconut- perfectly coconut passionfruit . but then i read up on the ingredients and it has sucralose hense the mild chemical aftertaste ... . i do n't think i would have noticed the aftertaste if i did n't notice the sucralose.. would be a much better product without the artificial additives..
= refreshing but ingredients are a negative
< nice fruity fruity fruity fruity fruity aftertaste

> i am very active . i work out 4/5 days a week so when it is that time of the month i need something that will stay but keep me protected . the sport edition of these tampons did just that . they keep me protected and i even forget i had one in . that was a bonus .
= nice fit
< great product

> another audio book for me . still wanted to strangle lexi more than one time , but fell in love with ramsey . i want to continue on with the next , but i am worried from other reviews that i wo n't be happy . childish i know , and i am sure i will continue on .
= i am a ramsey fan
< good read

> this product makes an okay cup of latte , but nothing out of this world . it does n't have much of a coffee flavor and the pumpkin flavor is quite mild too . it is definitely better made with milk than water .
= slightly lacking in flavor
< okay cup of latte

> i loved it ! . the gun fights , the action , the effects all great ! . kate beckensale is mesmerizingly beautiful in this role . the werewolves were beleiveable firece . this is every vampires/warewolf fans dream come true .
= underworld
< the best of the series

> something new , different and hot ! ! i 'm hooked ! ! ! love andrew and his rules make him so lust worthy ! ! ! the subtle secrets just add that something extra !
= steaming holt ! ! ! !
< love andrew and his rules ! !

> i loved it ! it was wonderful . very intense book i laughed & cruise . gabriel & julia are a cute couple .
= wonderful !
< loved it !

> herman mudgett went by many names including dr. h. holmes . he was probably the first major serial killer that americans got to hear about . he murdered , tortured , cremated , destroyed , robbed , many lives including women , men , and children as well . nobody was spared by his evil crimes . it was during the world 's fair where chicago was center stage and the author focuses on the magnificient architecture and the color of white ( how ironic ) that existed during the time in the windy city . sadly , they were unaware of the danger and evil that lurked in englewood nearby . young girls came as tourists and visitors to get jobs and see the world 's fair . unfortunately , they were doomed if they set foot in holmes ' castle which had a crematorium that was hotter than hell at 3,000 degrees celsius to destroy human remains . nobody was spared by his pure evil even children like pearl conner . i know the author took an entirely different approach to this subject by introducing us an architectural figure that was the mirror opposite of holmes . by doing this , he allows the readers a break between reading about holmes ' crimes and allow us to peak in on chicago 's upper classes . he makes references to theodore dreiser 's sister carrie and upton sinclair 's the jungle which are classic american novels . i keep thinking about the unsuspecting victims who entered the holmes castle to never be seen again . i have to say that larsen does an excellent job . i have wanted this book and was lucky to get it at a book sale for a fraction of the price . i am impressed by the cover and detailed information as well as photos .
= an excellent book about one of america 's foremost criminals !
< the jungle

> dead batteries , hard to push the safety switch to the safe position while keeping the sprayer pointed away from yourself.fine print on the bottle says do not use on food plants , even though the amazon page said that the product is recommended for organic gardening . being omri listed and usda approved for use in organic gardening is in direct contradiction to the instructions on the bottle.i had planned on using this for my cherry tomato plants , but the instructions on the package clearly say do not use on food plants.i did sacrifice one of my tomato plants , since i felt that a test of the spray would n't be complete without a plant that i know the deer love to eat.it was difficult using the sprayer , first was discovering that it had dead batteries , then of course i had to find replacement batteries . then it took quite a while for the pump to prime . the safety switch is very difficult for me to place in the safe position while pointing the sprayer away from me , it might be easier for other people , as i have some limitations to hand strength.the spray went on ok once i had gotten all the bugs out of the system . it appears to work , but we have had quite a bit of rain , and it is very possible that the deer found somewhere else to munch on plants.overall a two star item , since i grow mostly food plants , and i think the directions on the package over-ride what it says on the amazon page
= dead battery , do not use on food plants
< deer love to munch on the plants

> i 've been drinking coffee every morning of my adult life and in recent years have developed a fondness for flavored coffees . my favorites are mocha , cinnamon , and hazelnut . thus i welcomed the opportunity to try a starbucks flavored coffee , natural fusions no less.i love opening a fresh container of coffee to experience that heavenly burst of fresh , intense coffee aroma . when my bag of starbucks vanilla had its grand opening , i must say i was disappointed by the lack of a distinct vanilla aroma or anything resembling aroma . i figured i 'd just have to wait for the actual brew to experience the promised vanilla flavor.so how is the coffee 's vanilla flavor ? does it make up for the lack of that heavenly coffee scent that eluded me ? let 's put it this way . if i were given a blind taste test , i 'd be hard pressed to identfy this coffee as vanilla flavored . in fact , i 'm not sure i could match any specific flavor to this coffee . it 's obviously flavored to this taster , but i can only recognize that distant , nebulous vanilla taste because of the flavor 's word printed on the bag.overall this is a pleasant coffee . it 's smooth , not bitter , and has a pleasant aftertaste . but if you are looking for a readily identifiable vanilla accent , you will have to be satisfied with vageuely vanilla .
= smooth , not bitter , but vanilla ?
< a pleasant coffee

> now bookaholics will tell you this movie does n't follow the book exactly . they are after all right . i read the book and i know of at least two changes . the horse changed to a lamb for one , but does that make me hate the movie ? no . you see i understand that making movies is far from easy . not only that , transferring what is in a book to the big screen does n't always transition well.bottom line is this is one of the best movies based on one of thomas harris 's books . personally i love the movie `` manhunter '' as well and i 'm not sure why thomas harris would n't let them use the `` red dragon '' title back in 1986. i think william petersen was great in manhunter.jodie fosters performance is remarkable . she makes me believe in her part . she makes me believe she came from west virginia . she makes me beleive she is vulnerable but strong . her scenes with `` wild bill '' are extremely tense . to me it is one of the best performances she has ever done . do n't get me wrong , anthony hopkins does a great job as hannibal and the rest the cast is very good . i just think the movie `` hannibal '' shows that foster would have been better .
= does thomas harris really care ?
< one of the best movies of the year

> despite all the hype built around evanescence and their album & quot ; fallen & quot ; , this band is much better than one might think . their contributions on the daredevil soundtrack were some of the only listenable material for me , and while their full length debut may not be perfect , it is surprisingly good . vocalist amy lee has a voice that puts a number of other female vocalists to shame , and the only real flaw of the band as a whole is that they have an almost too nu-metal sound . standout tracks include & quot ; going under & quot ; , & quot ; haunted & quot ; , & quot ; my tourniquet & quot ; , and & quot ; my last breath & quot ; , while the hit single & quot ; bring me to life & quot ; can grow unlistenable after repeated listenings . i can not understand either why so many people compare evanescence to linkin park . this band has more talent in their nosehairs than linkin park has as a whole combined unit . all in all , & quot ; fallen & quot ; may be a bit overrated , but it is much better than i thought it would be ; it 's just too bad that evanescence is stuck on wind-up records .
= better than you might think
< better than one might think

> this is a delightful scifi film - it has action , fun concepts , well conceived little details that fit perfectly with the ideas , and beautiful , very good actors . it held my interest , with the particular hard scifi pleasure of figuring out what was going on , seeking subterfuge and twists but also the fixed parameters of this future vision . the subplot with the mysterious cotillard character also worked extremely well for me , a bit of dicaprio 's subconscious but also a real figure ; she was the most imaginative of all the constructs in the film , in my opinion.unfortunately , i was rather disappointed with how fast the whole thing was resolved , like they had to tie if off because they had run out of time or money . also , i did not detect any mind-bending ambiguity that got the viewer to question everything at the end , which surely this film was made to do . taken together , the producers dropped the ball at the very end and turned it into a mere comicbook ending . this is a great pity .
= intriguing , well acted , and suspenseful , but a bit too pat
< delightful scifi film

> bill clinton did this horrible military work.we couldnt hang with some rebels in africa ? are you serious ? thats why draft dodgers shouldnt be president.i didnt vote for him.the u.s. goes to africa to calm down some rebel forces and cant hang.its too much for small kids.as far as military movies go , it outranks many of them but doesnt hold up with war greats like full metal jacket and deer hunter.those interested in real life stories , history or the military will really like this movie.theres one part where the troops have to do a civil war style amputation on a wounded soul.its pretty nasty ! its definately true.who could think about chicks during guierilla warfare ? that dude , matt damon is in it.i dont like him but hes in a number of good movies like dogma.dogma is better id say.the important message is strike hard strike first strike fast.if they would have just gone in and laid the smack like nixon , we wouldnt have this black mark on our otherwise near perfect record .
= thestory of ... ... ... ... ... ... ... i forget
< what

> i 've used tide pods before but did n't take these new puppies too seriously . i put them in with a white load the first time and had no issues with them . they did the job . the reason i was n't too excited about them was due to the fact that the load was n't that dirty . i used it again yesterday after my husband 's soft ball team got their new uniforms ( white and blue ) and a few of them decided to play/practice/sadly relieve their youth . he came home extremely dirty , i used the tide pods and was fully expecting a fun night of severe hand washing in the tub but luckily - and happily - the tide pods were glorious ! they got the grass and dirt stains out , with still using an extra dose of detergent for security , but the uniform was white , verging on blinding white ! these are great and highly recommended .
= blinding bright whites !
< tide pods

> sotl is as brilliant today as it was back in 1991. look inside the mind of a serial killer , with non-stop suspense - and you have one hell of a film . too frightening to watch on your own , this film boasts not only a well structured script , but fine performances all round.jodie foster stars as agent starling who & quot ; consults & quot ; with hannibal lector ( anthony hopkins ) to work out the identity of a serial killer . this is jodie 's finest film , and one which you will return to time and time again.dvd summary : released now for the third time on dvd , after two attempts , which featured non-anamorphic transfers . the latest edition features a 5.1 remix and a beautiful anamorphic transfer . missing however is the famed audio commentary from foster which was one of the earlier dvd 's . oneday we will get a deluxe version hopefully .
= flawless masterpiece
< the best of the year

> suzanne collins ' did a really masterful job crafting a post-apocalyptic tale geared toward teens that is every bit good enough to hold up to adult approval.in `` the hunger games '' we are introduced to a 16 year old , plucky , protagonist - katniss and her tale of survival as she is placed in the spotlight fighting for life in a reality tv'esque survival show . collins does a great job placing katniss in a plethora of creatively cruel situations and how our heroinne overcomes them makes for a great brisk read that will surprise you at how fast you 're turning the pages.while the overall tone of this book borders on 'pulpy , ' if you enjoy such near sci-fi , dystopic settings not to mention some great action set pieces `` the hunger games '' makes for an entertaining read . perfect actually for a summertime beach read !
= a brisk and crackling good yarn
< a great summertime read !

> i liked the initial crunch , similar to honey bunches of oats or frosted flakes but more sugar coating . then after the taste settled in there was a burnt taste that i could n't quite identify . it seemed like molasses to me but my son said it tasted like burnt caramels . i would agree with that . it was good cereal , not great ... it was just too sugary for me . i never did get the peanut taste unless it was the burnt peanut oil taste that we were mistaking for molasses/caramels . there was just a weird aftertaste that nobody in the family could identify . i would n't purchase again . it was ok. not worth the price nor calories from all the added sugar .
= i tasted burnt , caramel flavoring ... nice crunch though .
< not bad , not great

> +++spoilers+++i think the problem is that i read this book immediately after reading 'until november ' , which i loved . the formula is pretty much the same , with the h being alpha and possessive and it 's as steamy as the first book , maybe more so . granted the start of the book was different in that the h is scared off of the h because he thinks she 's too innocent for him . the h was a little irritating especially with her reasons for not wanting a baby ( wishy washy ) . there was a kidnapping and mystery side story that was a bit over the top but i still found the book entertaining .
= not nearly as good as the first
< i liked it

> i absolutely love crystal light mocktails mojito . i normally do n't enjoy crystal light products ( with the exception of their peach tea ) , but this stuff is fantastic ! i use only 6 cups ( instead of 8 cups ) of water when i make it , and it comes out the perfect strength . the citrus and mint flavors come through wonderfully , and it 's so easy to make . and at only 5 calories per serving ( or a little more , since i make it stronger than called for ) , i can afford to drink the whole pitcher myself ! i can see myself buying this product again and again .
= wonderful low-cal drink !
< love crystal light mocktails mojito !

> brought this along for a trip with the granddaughter who is 6 years old . if it is cheesy she eats it . well , she like this better than the adults though like other reviewer have noted she was not too pleased with the things that were identified as broccoli.this would be an okay quick skillet meal if you have the pre-cooked frozen chicken strips . other wise the chicken is more of a hassle time wise.it is a nice long term pantry items that when all else fails you have for a simple meal . i would leave the broccoli out and instead put in a can of green beans .
= decent for trailer camping ... . not sure what else
< good for the adults

> i have yet to catch a mouse with these . while the idea of not having to even get remotely close to touching a mouse is a great idea these traps are not . made in china is a big turn off and all the extra plastic going into the landfills are a turn off too . the mice have to be very small to even fit into these traps . the mechanism on some of them is too tough to set off , the one would n't set off unless i dropped it 2 feet or more ? ? maybe mighty mouse needs to set that one off ? : )
= good idea , not so good design
< a great idea

> nothing bad to say about this drive , seagate did it right . here are the main features as i see them:1. usb 3.0 or fw 800. either is much faster than usb 2.0 which was what my old 1tb drive was.2 . quiet operation , you 'd have to be pretty close in a pretty quiet room to hear it at all.3 . true plug and play for mac/time machine . i literally unboxed , plugged it in and did my first tm backup with no additional steps required.good product , i would n't hesitate to recommend it .
= fast , quiet , usb or fw
< works well , but not as good as the usb 3.0

> trudy bennett was bff 's with jake wethers till age 14 , he was forced to move from the uk to the us . eventually they list touch . 12 years later he is a successful , fresh from rehab womanizing rock star and she is a music journalist forced to interview him.silently she has always loved him and he has always loved her.it 's a nice story with plenty of ups and down . the end is n't a cliffhanger but definitely connected to part two .
= hot and sweet
< jake wethers

> wonderful sweet treat with a low `` calorie '' price . i was pleasantly surprised at the nice balance of caramel and chocolate flavors . the chocolate drizzle is just enough to take this from your average caramel popcorn to a more decadent treat , but not too much to overtake the caramel popcorn base . it is a relatively small package but just enough to satisfy a sweet tooth . the only slight drawback is a slightly expensive price for the amount in a package .
= great sweet treat ... slightly expensive
< sweet treat

> i like the oat graham crackers ; i wished it was a little sweeter . i like the cinnamon flavor with a hint of apple taste . this tastes a little better than other graham crackers that i 've purchased from grocery stores . this snack goes well with your coffee or tea.1.nabisco graham crackers ( 2 -count ) , 0.5-ounce individually wrapped packages ( pack of 200 ) 2.back to nature organic stone ground wheat crackers , 6-ounce boxes ( pack of 6 )
= great crackers
< a little better than other graham crackers

> when i first tasted lipton to go stix iced green tea mix , i had to go back and check the calorie count ; it tastes like honey and fruit , rich and real . the tea and pineapple take a back seat here , but if mango and honey are in the front seat , i have no problem with that . mango is one of my favorite flavors , and this mix really tastes like mangoes . yum !
= very fruity and a distinct honey flavor
< tastes like mangoes

> i already knew lisa renee jones was a talented author , but if i were you blew me away . amazing , i do n't think is an adequate enough word . i 've already read rebecca 's journal 's and thought i knew what this book would be like , but i was so wrong . i highly recommend this book , and i ca n't wait to read the next in the series .
= awesome !
< amazing !

> i am generally wary of flavored coffee , finding much of it to taste less like coffee and more like cheap perfume . the starbucks coffee is what it claims to be ... .a fusion of flavors that compliment rather than compete with each other . it is smooth , fragrant and mellow , good as is or with a bit of cream . fine accompaniment to reading or conversation .
= delicious
< smooth and smooth

> the first friday the 13th will go down as the turning point in the slasher genre . john carpenter scored big withhalloweenbut the slasher genre was still somewhat of an untouched subject until this movie rolled around.it has everything that makes it a slasher flick , teenagers , sex , blood , and horror , alongside all the killing . a thoroughly enjoyable movie in the friday the 13th series.recommended .
= sean cunningham 's friday the 13th
< the first friday the 13th series.recommended

> my my my , mr. lucas wolfe what a sexy , domineering beast you are ... i thought the book was pretty decent . it was kind of short though . i like siennas character . she may seem weak or passive but she 's got a `` ballsy '' flare and there was definitely some serious chemistry between she and lucas . overall it was a good read .
= arousing ? ! ! !
< good read

> this size , super , is really good and helpful for heavy flow days when you need to feel confident about your protection . i love the applicator , it 's very easy to use and does n't hurt at all . the scent is nice , it 's not very noticeable , just sort of a mild fresh soap smell . i would definitely buy these again .
= good product
< great for heavy flow days

> i could not put this book down . two stangers meet on an elevator and the elevator loses power . m.j and caden r the only two people on the elevator when the power goes out . both of these people get to know each other and proves the point that love can start before u see someone .
= what an hot dard knight !
< loved it !

> 1. use a storyline that has been done to death . machines taking over mankind . gee where have we heard this before ? 2 . over-dependence on cgi3 . will smith . this guy is the same character in every movie , a smart arsed be-atch who needs an attitude adjustment . what a punk .
= the 3 laws of making over-hyped hollywood garbage
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ]

> this snack bar is delicious . it tastes like a cookies and cream candy bar . the portions are a bit small , which is why the amount of calories per snack is so low . nonetheless , in terms of taste , this is as good as a hershey 's bar .
= delicious snack bar
< delicious

> i thought this book was pretty good . did not like the fact he had sex with someone else knowing how he felt about her . even tho they were n't together yet . i would n't mind there story continuing .
= good
< pretty good

> who knew running away from society and every one of its rules would be exactly what fate intended to change their lives forever ... . love story with a very happy ending after going through so much !
= long road to nowhere is great
< love , love , love this book !

> great to see all of the familiar characters together . full of action and fighting . take the fights out and it would be a very short movie .
= lots of action
< great movie

> this sauce has a nice sweet zip to it , but it 's not anything to write home about . goes good as a marinade or on wings .
= it 's ok
< nice sweet zip

> `` monsters , inc. '' : 4-disc edition ( bluray/dvd combo ) ( pixar ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -great movie , one of the best . i first saw it in the theater when it came out , in emeryville , ca , near the pixar studios and they had a ginormous , life-sized sully in the lobby.. with real fur ! so cool ... but the movie was even better.i am knocking a point off this particular edition , however , because it 's not quite the bargain i thought it would be . when i wanted to purchase `` monsters , inc. '' for my kid , and saw that they had an affordable combo pack that had both dvd and blu-ray versions , i thought , well , i might get a blu-ray someday , so that could come in handy . yeah , i 'll get it ! unfortunately , the dvd disc does not also include the same material as the blu-ray , so a bunch of games and bonus features are not included , which really bummed my daughter out . these features were already embedded in the old dvd edition : disney has purposely *removed* them in order to steer customers towards the new format . as a consumer , i resent this enormously , and i think other potential buyers might want to know that the dvd version has been downgraded and will not be as much fun for your kid as you might hope . disney is being needlessly manipulative with its product : why not just give us a package that really is in *both* formats ? it 's still a great movie , though ! ! ( joe sixpack , readthatagain children 's media reviews ) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- ( ps ... . sorry , but amazon aggregates reviews of different formats all together in one review pool . if i had n't had issues with the dvd/blu-ray bundling , i would have given this a ten-star review . same problem with `` up '' too , by the way . )
= monsters , inc. : 4-disc bluray/dvd combo
< `` monsters , inc. '' : 4-disc edition

> first district attorney , andy barber 's , fourteen-year-old son , jacob is accused of murdering a classmate . whether he 's guilty or not , the arrest throws a once happy family into chaos . the big question for the parents is : did he do it ? andy is convinced , almost unbelievably at times , that his son is innocent . laurie , the mother , is n't so sure . she remembers problems from jacob 's early childhood that andy refuses to believe signify anything . when andy is finally forced to confess that his father , bloody billy , is in prison for murder , laurie 's world collapses.the opening of this book was completely enthralling . we are in andy 's head and against all logic he simply wo n't confront the idea that jacob could be guilty . however , the book is very long and after awhile this complete lack of questioning begins to wear . it feels unreal.the legal background is interesting and generally well done . however , i found the transcript portions of the grand jury testimony unrealistic . andy , the witness , seems to be playing the role of the judge when he calls the assistant district attorney by his first name and asks him to restate questions . i found it hard to believe that the judge in a real grand jury investigation would have allowed the obvious animosity to go on.i liked the book and enjoyed reading it . the opening portray of andy draws you in . however , as the book drags on the author seems to have trouble sustaining the head in the sand portrayal of andy . i think perhaps because the book is so long , the twist at the end did n't feel real . it seemed like a literary artifice . however , the book is well worth reading if you like unusual character portrayals and court room drama .
= a family nightmare
< enthralling , but not great

> henry lee 's parents insisted that he speak only english but also required that he wear a button bearing the words `` i am chinese . '' at first henry ( and i ) found this puzzling , but in the days after the bombing of pearl harbor , being mistaken for japanese could have dire consequences . henry was bullied and mocked at his all-caucasian school in seattle but eventually found solace in the company of a girl named keiko from japantown . separated after keiko 's family was sent to an internment camp , henry and keiko endeavored to stay in touch , despite the fact that henry 's father was livid over this relationship . japan was as much china 's enemy as it was the u.s. 's during wwii . now it 's the 1980s . henry 's wife ethel has succumbed to cancer , and , observing parallels between his relationship with his own father , henry is trying to mend his relationship with his son . the narrative swings back and forth between the 1940s and the 1980s , and the 1940s sections are teeming with jazz music that provides a melancholy backdrop for the abandoned streets of japantown . however , the prose is not special , and , if it were n't for the slices of history embedded in the story , it would be just another sappy novel with a predictable plot and ending .
= too sweet
< the chinese henry

> from the start of the film , it is obvious that napoleon dynamite is a comedy that is not for all tastes . those who enjoy the predictable , low brow , gross out comedies like old school or recent hits like dodgeball will most likely get little enjoyment out of the film , but fans of films of wes anderson may find something to admire here . taking place in preston , idaho , high school student napoleon ( jon heder ) spends his days either being ignored or ridiculed by his fellow classmates . his family life is n't much better , with his free loading uncle in the mix and his older brother finding his soul mate via the internet . napoleon experiences other adventures , such as an ill-fated trip to the school dance , and helping his friend pedro run for school president . oh yeah , napoleon dances too . the comedy is subtle to say the least , so do n't go in expecting any laugh out loud scenarios . napoleon dynamite is n't a bad film at all , but it 's not something that everyone will enjoy , and some will even be annoyed at some of the film 's pacing and style , but that aside it 's still worth watching .
= not for everyone
< a comedy that is not for all tastes

> playtex has always been a dependable brand for myself , but this is the first time i 've used the gentle glide 360 and i can see myself using them more.there are days you just need thesuperabsorbency , and regular for the days you do n't . it 's nice to have both on hand . i generally use the regular for my `` end of cycle '' .i prefer these unscented tampons . i usually tend to get nauseous , irritated and annoyed with the scented items . i , personally , feel scented tampons and pads should have been outlawed decades ago.the plastic applicator is easy to use and the best part is that it does n't collapse . the tampons are relatively comfortable and are very absorbant wthout leakage . on an environmental standpoint , it bothers me that playtex uses so much plastic . are they biodegradeable ? on the go , i just toss a couple into my gym bag , glove box , purse , fanny pack and desk drawer , so i always have some on hand.overall , very pleased with these unscented gentle glide 360 's regular tampons and will definitely add this to my shopping list .
= comfort & confidence
< playtex uses

> my kids love chicken , broccoli , pasta , and cheese yet one refused to eat it and another ate it grudgingly . my kids love mac n cheese and i thought this would be a great meal for those late nights after gymnastics . i used left over grilled chicken meat and it made an amazingly fast meal . i was hopeful ! as another reviewer mentioned the broccoli is n't worth mentioning in the meal , think miniscule and these are smaller . unfortunately the taste was just lacking . the cheese sauce was way too sweet and there was no broccoli taste , which we love . my kids would have preferred any other type of pasta than orzo ( give us bow ties , macaroni , penne ) . i 've tried to feed them two other times the leftovers to meet the same results . looks like leftovers are heading for the garbage can . i 'll stick to boiling my own pasta and throw in left over chicken and veggies in my own cheese sauce ( way easy , butter , flour , cheese , milk ) .
= my kids did n't even want to eat this
< my kids love it !

> after sitting through about 30 minutes of the same previews i 've seen about 50 times before , the movie finally started . the first 40 minutes seemed to capture an old time , twilight zone type feel to it and reeled you in . then , the movie just fell flat on its face . it had too many speical effects , not enough of a plot/story , and they never devolped any of the characters . dakota fanning was annoying and made me hate the movie evening more , the male teenager was cliched , and tom cruise could have done better . the movie has good sequences but half way too the end , you start to wonder how will this end ? it seems they beat ever possible odd that they could face . the ending was way to fast , and should have been more thought of . if you want to waste money and go see a brainless summer movie , go see this . batman begins is still by far one of the best summer movies and will be hard to beat .
= could have improved
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i do not know what combination of gift , skill , work and perseverance go into writing a book like the book thief ; the product seems like a sort of miraculous expression of reality in a historical narrative of fiction . i know that seems like hyperbole , but that is my reaction to a book that i had thought was a `` teen '' book . zusak 's writing is mature , deep and creative.the book thief takes readers to the world of nazi germany during wwii and a perspective that i had not seen before . on a poor german street , families seek to survive poverty , hunger , their own country and a foreign enemy.narrated from the point of view of death , the story develops endearing characters facing tragedies with hopefulness . zusak adeptly creates his world and characters that i think would grip any readers and rend their hearts.the book thief shows that even in the midst of man 's most cruel ventures exists man 's most loving risks and expressions . i recommend this book for any adult readers .
= an amazing book
< a great book for any adult readers

> i loved honey grahm crackers when i was growing up and these have the same flavor . i can see someone saying the perfect size to make smoores or ice cream sandwich . instead of the long 4 piece packaging with many crackers this has a small package of 2 servings of crackers . the package could even fit in you shirt pocket of a t-shirt . another convenience is when you open this package you will most likely eats them before they get stale which may not always be the case in the large packaging depending on your families size.the down size is if you are looking for something for your child 's lunchbox each package is two serving sizes . the package is 250 calories of which 50 calories is fat . so you would not be want to pack a full package . as for myself i found them just as tasty as i remember and a satisfying snack . this is old time favorite in a smaller wax paper package . 4.5 stars .
= convenient packaging
< old time favorite in a smaller wax paper

> i thought this sounded like a great product - it cools and binds injuries to reduce swelling , it 's reusable , comes in a zip-lock type bag to keep it moist , and it 's latex free and odorless.in reality , it 's like an ace bandage covered in some kind of goopy gel . it did feel cool when applied , but only for about 15 minutes . and i just ca n't get past the icky gel that oozes from it . you would n't want to use it anywhere except on a knee or elbow that wo n't be touching clothing , people or furniture . the package has warnings about ingesting the gel - the same gel that got all over my hands as i applied the wrap.i much prefer an ace bandage or self-adhesive `` vet '' wrap for binding , and a cold pack for reducing swelling .
= gooey and slimy
< works well , but not a good product

> my dad has very sensitive skin on his face and it 's prone to being too dry . he wo n't use aftershaves for that reason , preferring a balm or lotion.this face lotion has a light , liquid texture and no heavy scent or cologne smells . it absorbs very quickly and it 's something he will use regularly . the formula is light enough that it does n't feel like a build up or coating on your face . your face just feels more moisturized.i 'm really happy with it , it 's something that he will use and it 's inexpensive enough that he has no reason not to use it . having tried it , and letting him try it , this will be a product that he will buy in the future which might help prevent some of the chapping of his nose and cheeks in alaskan winters .
= light moisture and great for sensitive skin
< great for sensitive skin

> no stars for enjoyment or fulfilling plot . it just ends . after all that . no great battles scenes , no emotional moments between the wooden tom cruise and the over-acting fanning as the annoying daughter - somebody slap the hysterical child.and please tell me why cruise 's ex-wife and her family are miraculously wearing perfectly starched white shirts and suits answering the door of their untouched brownstone ? it was ludicrous . there 's rubble all around them , but they are pristine . it was just a very sudden ending and not at all satisfying . the son was more of a hero than the father . and the mother miranda otto was more memorable than the father 's character , played by cruise . it just did n't click . et it ai n't . independence day was a better war of the worlds in the modern day .
= one star for spielberg , one star for effects
< not as good as the first

> if you looked up the word `` desperate '' in the dictionary , you 'd probably see a picture of stephanie plum , the unlikely heroine of this novel.after being unceremoniously laid off her job , and suffering the indignity of having her car repossessed , she ca n't afford to be too choosy about her career options , but `` bounty hunter '' seems to be a stretch , even for her.worse yet , she 's known her primary target since childhood , and he has the uncanny ability to mold her like silly putty at his convenience.a difficult job becomes even more so when cars start blowing up , people start disappearing , and a sadistic lunatic adds plum to his wish list.unlikely alliances and lucky breaks stud this quirky novel , making for a humorously unlikely crime story.amanda richards , february 24 , 2005
= the unlikely heroine
< a and plum

> you will definitely need good teeth to eat these cookies ! they are not just crispy ... ..they are almost like trying to bite into concrete . i love newman 's products & wanted to love these organic ginger snaps , mainly because they are organic , but they leave a lot to be desired . i do n't know if it was just the batch i received or if they are supposed to be this way , but they are almost burnt . the bottoms are very dark , almost black . they also left a bad after taste that both my husband and & i noticed . they just did not taste good . they taste nothing like the flat ginger snaps of other brands . i will not be buying these ... ... .but still love other newman products .
= teeth beware !
< not just crispy ...

> this is the 1978 classic that started it all . a boy named michael myers murders his sister and lands in the asylum . years later , he escapes and goes after his other sister [ jamie lee curtis ] . this is nothing short of a masterpiece . this film launched the careers of jamie lee curtis and film director john carpenter . donald pleaseance [ r.i.p . ] gives his finest performance of his career as dr. loomis , the man who tries to stop michael from going on his killing spree and murdering his sister . this is a really great film . right next to `` psycho '' , this is one of the best horror movies of all time . i 'd reccomend this to any movie buff . followed by seven sequels .
= the introduction of michael myers
< the 1978 classic

> neil gaiman is absolutely brilliant ! this is only the second book i 've read by him , the first being good omens by gaiman and terry pratchett . good omens did n't even come close to being as good as this book . basically , the old gods from every pantheon immigrated to the united states following the people that worshipped them . as people started losing faith in these gods , the gods started becoming weaker and eventually had to start living like humans and getting jobs , etc . the old gods start feeling threatened by the new gods ( the media , computers , cars , etc . ) and a big battle starts brewing . i thought this was an amazing book and i look forward to reading more by gaiman .
= brilliant !
< brilliant !

> i looked forward to this item and was glad to receive the one can that was sent . i usually drink my coffee in the morning without sugar . i thought that this would give me an afternoon pickup so i gave it a try in mid afternoon . the taste is mediocre . it is labeled as 100 % natural arabica but it does not taste anything like the arabica i drink every morning . the low calorie count of 5 for the 6.8 ounce can is a plus . however , the nearly $ 2.00/6.8 oz can of blah tasting coffee offsets the low calorie count . this high priced item with the low flavor taste does not entice me to make a purchase .
= fairly good
< mediocre taste , low flavor

> i loved this book and ca n't wait for the additions to this series ! a few years ago there was a great show that was cancelled way too soon called october road and it reminds me of the love story between josie and liam . i love it when true love always wins no matter the obstacles ! this is a series that will pull you in and have you rooting for liam to seize the day and get his girl back ; and noah , well he is just too adorable . i am patiently waiting for harrison to have his turn at love !
= this will now be one of my forever favs !
< another great book !

> the switch is apparently supposed to be a substitute for soda , with fizz but without corn syrup or added sugar , just juice for flavoring . however , the product , billed as `` watermelon strawberry '' , has 140 calories in 8 ounces -- more than one would get in soda -- and is in fact mostly highly caloric apple and grape juice , for the sweetness , with strawberry and watermelon later in the ingredient list . watermelon is one of my favorite flavors and i could not detect it in this product . `` natural '' is not everything !
= read the label carefully
< watermelon strawberry

> as an avid tea drinker i was looking forward to try this black tea with ginger flavor . i was pleasantly surprised by the nice balance between the black tea and the ginger flavor . the tea is finely paired with the spicy ness of the ginger and i ca n't help but drink it in the mornings . great way to get going.it was a beautiful color and a golden outer ring . it is n't the best black tea i have tasted but the ginger flavor redeems it .
= nice ginger overtones
< nice balance of ginger

> the dove men+care line of products has always been solid in my experience , aside from their body wash which i 'm not a fan of . this sensitive post shave balm is nice , though . it 's got a pleasant , light scent and is n't irritating at all -- in fact , it does live up to the hype in that it 's rather soothing when applied . if you 're looking for this type of product , i see no reason not to recommend it .
= i like this line of products
< nice , but not irritating

> these labels worked well for me . they peel off of the backer sheet easily , so you can get a hold of them faster . they fed well in the printer . my only complaint would be the size . they are very small , requiring a tiny font to get a 3 line address on them . these actually might be better used for some sort of labeling purpose .
= works as advertised
< works well

> the 2 stars are for the f/x which were , for the most part , great . however the rest of the film is just one big , sloppy mess . dumb story , horible dialogue , overwraught direction . this flick has some good folks in it too - it 's a shame they are terribly wasted . maybe if you watch it drunk .
= proceed with caution
< 2 stars

> secret clinical strength light and fresh scent provides all day protection from wetness and odor . unlike many cheap deodorants/antiperspirants , this secret formula does n't just cover up odor with heavy perfumes . the scent is fresh and not overpowering . even after a full day in the heat , you 'll remain dry and smelling `` fresh '' .
= excellent protection .
< fresh scent , good scent

> i struggled with this book yet again . there is plenty of steam between these two ; knox and julia , but that 's about it . still not much character depth . i am curious to see what will come of their relationship so i will def read book 3 . 3.5 stars
= lots of steam , not much depth
< not what i expected

> it was okay for me it took forever for the story to really developed or should i say get to the point by than it was over , i guess i have to read the book to really get into the characters .
= not that really impressed
< ok

> another great one from ja . a sad but yet inspiring story . loved avery and cam . cam was everything avery needed to become even stronger than she was . wonder if jace can get a book ? hmmm ... ...
= a great read !
< loved

> just to really give this new tide coldwater detergent and good test , i threw in some really horribly stained cloths . and ... .away went ever stain ... ..cloths clean as a whistle and smelling fresh . thanks tide .
= a miracle worker !
< tide coldwater detergent

> very very good book . i love all the characters . i love how well written the story is . the story feels real and very intriguing . i highly recommend
= a great read
< great book

> just the right portion size . the crackers and filling were fresh and very satisfying . i will find myself buying these over and over . very , very tasty !
= loved 'em
< very tasty !

> this is very convenient to use especially is no one else is around to help you get all the exposed skin covered . smells good and does the job .
= prefer spray suncreen
< convenient

> this is a good movie . it has a enjoyable story to it . i 'm sure a lot of people would enjoy watching gladiator .
= good movie
< good movie

> i was a little hesitant to try these chocolatey vanilla blitz bars because the last time i tried a slimfast product ( peanut butter crunch time bars ) i was extremely disappointed . still , i decided to take a risk and see if they could live up to the slimfast hype . i was quite pleased with them overall.weighing in at only .84 oz and 100 calories , these bars are n't a very filling snack , but lets face it- there are time when you just really need something sweet and sugary , and an apple is n't going to cut it . for those situations , these slimfast bars are a good alternative to a candy bar . they are basically a granola bar with oats , crisped rice and chocolate covered in a vanilla yogurt coating with some vanilla-flavored chips on top . the yogurt and vanilla flavors slightly overpower the chocolate , so if you 're looking for a chocolate fix , this might not be the best option for you . i found these bars soft and very easy to chew , and they did n't get stuck in my teeth at all , which is a problem i 've had with other snack bars . all told , i enjoyed the chocolately vanilla blitz bars , and i think a lot of other people will too .
= good if you 're craving something sweet
< good alternative to a candy bar

> andrew hamilton is the new dom in town . he is not your usual caveman ... let 's just say he is a sophisticated one . after all , he is a lawyer at the top of his game.this man wrote the book on the love 'm leave 'm scenario . mostly never twice with the same woman ; if more than once not for long . you know he has secrets and they are buried in his past . he is straight forward and honest to the point that rude is a word that should apply but does not.for a man with no friends or relationships he is wound tight with no place to de-stress other than these meaningless hook-ups . one exception ... the virtual & # 34 ; friendship & # 34 ; he shares while trolling a lawyers only website . he strikes a mentoring friendship with alyssa and this goes on for months . now that he has hit a dry patch in his hook-ups , he is intrigued and wants to meet her.take the plunge and join the party as we follow whitney garcia williams ' masterpiece in this journey of mystery , sex , passion , and most of all secrets . who knows where it might lead us , but it sure fun so far !
= a sophisticated caveman worth noting
< andrew hamilton is the best !

> drew hires fable to be his girlfriend , to go home with him over thanksgiving break . fable is a little rough , definitely not a virgin , and she is n't in college , working as a waitress to support her deadbeat mother & teenage brother . so i immediately love her since she is the anti-heroine ! she has issues with men , sleeping with them to be the center of attention for however long that lasts , feeling terrible afterwards . her demons do n't even compare to the past drew has had to deal with . his stepmom is a creepy seductress & he is also dealing with his little sister 's death . what an amazing story though that fable is able to be strong for him & get drew to open up to her , although at times he just runs away . drew realizes that what he feels for fable is so strong , that maybe he is n't good enough for her rather than the other way around . this book left me a little heartbroken for both drew & fable . i feel that once drew lets fable into his heart he will be able to explore their amazing chemistry without the guilt & disgust he has felt in the past .
= drew & fable
< a little rough

> if you are sci-fi fan , this is a must see film . based on the story by a science fiction writer philip k. dick , this story is about human androids who have 4 year life span . they are almost identical to humans except that they do not have the same emotions . due to defect that they have , government has arranged that they are put into permanent `` retirement '' . hunters of these androids are known as blade runners . we get to know a few of them and we get to understand their rage of being created by men , enslaved by men and forced to die too quick . they are fine specimens , beautiful , athletic , willing to submit to the purpose they are created for with no resistance . but they also want to live and are ready to do whatever it takes to fight for their own survival . it is no wonder that by the end of the movie we get to like them in spite of their brutality because we get to realize that real humans would react the same way in similar circumstances . also , the fact that the hunter ( harrison ford ) becomes the hunted is what makes this film great .
= great sci-fi anniversary edition
< a must see film

> most readers know by now that the lovely bones is told from the perspective of a deceased main character , susie , a young girl who has been brutally raped and murdered . oddly enough , this seemingly emotion-ladden story comes across as vague and emotionless . susie 's narration is so matter-of-fact that much of the emotional impact of what she is describing is lost . the author portrays the reactions of susie 's family to her death in a very real and well-written manner , yet there is a distance there -- perhaps the distance that susie herself feels as she looks down on her loved ones from heaven . from susie 's perspective , we see heaven as a place that is wonderful yet also sad , as paradise does not prevent susie from longing for those she left behind . the story meanders through many years , never quite reaching a point of conclusion . although i found this novel to be disappointing , sebold certainly has shown significant promise for the future , and i would n't hesitate to read her next book .
= a unique premise
< a lovely story

> i can not recommend this dog food.why ? because it contains poultry by-product meal . i never give my dogs any dog food that contain by-products . by-products are essentially the left over beaks , tails , etc . from animals that companies do n't know what to do with , so they grind them up and call them dog food . in addition , this contains ground wheat , and i 've learned from past experience that wheat contributes to arthritic symptoms in some dogs . i also do n't like the `` grilled steak flavor '' which is obviously artificial flavoring and has nothing to do with meat . that 's how they can get away with saying this dog food has `` grilled sirloin steak flavor . `` i am sorry to give a poor review . i hate giving bad reviews . but some of the ingredients in this dog food are just sub-par . sorry nestle ' purina - i know for a fact that you make other quality products , but this is n't one of them .
= not the best ingredients
< my dogs love it

> for me , the biggest test with regards to a razor is whether or not it can handle a week & # 8217 ; s worth of facial hair . can this razor handle a woodsman without tearing my face up ? most of the time , the razor leaves its trace on my skin . i think that i have found the only razor i will ever use from now on out . the schick hydro 5 is seriously the best razor i & # 8217 ; ve ever used . first , it can handle a full face of hair . it cut so smooth and kept my face feeling lubricated and never once tore at my face , snagging hairs and causing irritation . it also has a longer lifespan than any razor i & # 8217 ; ve used recently . the retractable head is a work of genius , allowing reach to tighter spots . all in all , this is a perfect razor .
= it doesn & # 8217 ; t get any better than this & # 8230 ;
< the best razor i 've ever used

> book # 49 read in 2014orphan train by christina baker klinethis is a great piece of historical fiction . it tells the tale of an irish girl who boards the orphan train in new york as an 8 year old and heads to the midwest . she is adopted into `` families '' that are really looking for a laborer , a babysitter or a surrogate wife . eventually she finds a spot to at least feel safe in and she becomes a strong woman who has overcome great obstacles . also told is a parallel story of molly , a teenager in the foster system , who begins to help elderly vivian sort through things in her attic in order to complete community service hours . the two form a bond that surpasses the generation gap.i loved this book . the writing was wonderful . the characters were interesting and the storylines kept me totally engaged . i highly recommend it. [ ... ]
= orphan train
< a great piece of historical fiction

> there is this ogre whose crabby throughout the entire movie.a really obnoxious donkey , a nagging princess.yep you guessed it ! a movie full of crappy characters.they used nickelodeons formula of gross out to carry it along.disney sucks ! 10 years from now when everyone realizes it too.remember , i said it 1st right here on amazon.a cranky ogre and a jackass go to save a princess.thats it.the kids eat it up for some reason , but still prefer a lot of other far better childrens movies.its very low on the pixar food chain.there is fart , poop , and puke jokes all the way through.even the suprise ending is far less than stellar.every character in this one sucks.they have personalities not compatible with other lifeforms.mike myers did the voice ? well , theres one more failure for his long list.they made a 2nd one with the money they made off all the suckers who saw the 1st one.it probaly sucks too .
= aw man !
< a !

> this is a new author for me and i liked this contemporary read . it was very well written and edited , the flow of the story was smooth , except for parts where the descriptions got longer . i like more dialogue in my books , so i like a chatty hero as opposed to the silent one . i liked andie 's character , she was sweet and funny and flawed , but still a good person . mack was intense but once he got going he was unstoppable . it is after what everyone is looking for in life , someone to find them worthy of love enough to hang on real tight and i loved him in the second half of the book . i would recommend this book , not as much for the erotic parts but for a light read with some hot moments .
= a sweet quirky story of love . dg
< a good read

> review for books 2-5i do n't want to post a review for each installment since they are only about 120 page each so i figure i would post a review when i get to a point that i have to step back and gather myself.installment # 5 did that to me at the end i was heart broken and in knots for avery.avery 's life is anything but a basket of roses i swear i do n't know how he goes on somedays . sean he is a mixed bag of nuts lol . he shows avery this sweet gentle loving side of him then it 's like a light switch and he goes cold and nasty . only a little bit of sex in installment 's 1-5. when you end each installment you ca n't wait to download the next one ! very addicting series !
= oh so hot ! ! ! ! !
< loved it !

> i have to admit , i do see what all the fuss is about . i picked up a copy of the book from my local library just to find out what everyone was talking about . i have fallen in love with the the black dagger brotherhood . i really enjoyed the character building , and with so many characters , it was especially nice that jr ward managed to make them individuals . just from one book , i can see i will be investing in the paperbacks for my permanent library ( you know , the books you enjoy reading more than once ? ) . great storyline , and i am really looking froward to the next book in the series , which , coincidentally , i have right here ... i 'm off to read lover eternal next !
= dark lover - bdb # 1
< another great book by jr ward

> i have n't bought crystal light in a long time but used to love it , so i was interested in trying out their new line of `` moctails '' , lightened up versions of your favorite drinks . i gave the mojito flavor a go and made a 2 qts . in the container are 5 packets , each that make 2 qts . of drinks . this was so refreshing and 8 oz . is only 5 calories , so who can beat that ? we liked them just straight , but adding rum to give them a kick would be great , and would be fewer calories than your normal mix . i really loved this flavor and would definitely try some of the other flavors that they have in this line.refreshing and easy !
= very refreshing !
< love the mojito !

> this water just did not taste good to me . it had a strange aftertaste that i did not like . i 'm not sure what i expected the water to taste like with the added caffeine but it just was n't a pleasant taste . i thought the added caffeine would give me a little afternoon boost , but it did n't . i guess i 'll stick with my cup of coffee . another thing ( maybe i 'm just being picky ) was the shape of the bottle . my hand would tend to slide up from the bottom of the bottle when i picked it up . i wo n't be buying this product .
= strange taste !
< did not taste good

> it was the summer of 1979. the weather was low humidity and no rain . we popped the corn , packed up the kids and headed for the drive in on route 64 to a movie the kids wanted to see . we always waited till the second feature started before leaving , letting traffic clear out . the second feature was a movie we never heard of alien . little did we know that we had stumbling into a great movie . this is one of the great scifi-horror movies of all times . only its sequel aliens is better . this was even better on a big screen tv that watching it in a drivein theatre .
= not the movie we went to see .
< one of the best movies of all times

> i 'm actually a fan of ginger gum and familiar with the sharp spiciness of ginger , however this was a little much . based on the warm golden liquid featured in the mug on the box i was actually surprised that the actual color is a deep opaque brown with an extremely pungent smell.as for taste it is sweet yet quite strong . tho ' the taste was not altogether unpleasant my tongue and my throat were burned . not as in the liquid was too hot but as in it was too spicy for me.people who win chili contests would probably find this refreshing .
= an aquired taste - which i could not develop .
< a little too spicy for me

> i figured riff to be more heartless but it 'd seem that once beset by the right redheaded-gorgeous woman ... ..he 's a pushover ! took awhile for riff and aubrey to get to that place ( we all know what that place is and it 's why we read romance ... ... . ) . a good dose of angst ... ... and we get to experience what happened between noel and lane - through the eyes of a third party . reminded me how great noel and lane are and now i need to reread their books.i enjoyed this and thank you !
= riff ... ... ..turns out the guy has a heart !
< riff and riff !

> oco good grips measuring cups are the best measuring cups i have had the pleasure of owning , after years of having plastic cups that would break and have the numbers wear off it is refreshing to have something so nice . these cups are heavier than most even when empty , the rubber handles are very handy and the measurements are easy to read . these cups come on a ring and are easy to remove and replace on that ring . i love the shape and feel of these measuring cups while using them , definitely worth getting .
= very nice
< good measuring cups

> for the most part this is a good flat iron . you definitely need to use the temperature lock so you wont accidentally change the settings while straightening your hair . it warms up very quickly which is great when pressed for time . the temperature display difficult to read , you have to hold it at a certain angle to read the display . on occasion , i still managed to snag my hair on the ceramic plates , although not as often as i have with other irons . i prefer my remington wet 2 straight iron better .
= good not great
< good flat iron

> this is the story of beau vincent and his love for ashton , whom he 's loved since little kids . only problem= she 's his cousin 's girl.this book was such a good read that i could n't put it down ! i read it in one night since i just had to know what happened between beau , ash , and sawyer . you will absolutely love this book and i got ta say phew ! that beau vincent is super swoon worthy especially with that southern drawl ! awesome great book ! ! !
= beau vincent = swoon worthy guy !
< awesome book ! ! !

> this book started out kind of slow but when i got into it i just flew through it . harrison is such a good man and father . he was so patient that there were times i actually wanted him to pick up a groupie because i felt so bad for him . katelyn needed a wake up call . i understand her hesitancy though . but it all worked out in the end . great series . i hope jenna 's story is next , maybe with jd ?
= harrison is perfect !
< good book

> ironically , when i was growing up ( in kansas , no less ) , every year i would see this film on on the tube except that our tv was ... a black and white ! ! so i missed the whole transition-to-color-and-then-back-again thing that helps make this such a magical movie . i must say , it 's much better this way . still , i ca n't decide who i like better : the scarecrow or the cowardly lion . some questions remain eternal .
= ahhhhhh ... that 's much better ! !
< i 'm a fan of the cowardly lion ! !

> this mix reminds me of the foods in singapore . very rich coconut and lemon grass flavor . the preparation was also very easy - just saute the cubed meat ( we used london broil ) and add the mix to have a delicious meal shortly . i am a bit wimpy when it comes to spicy/hot so if you are like me , just use less of the mix or add more meat to reduce the hot flavor .
= great flavor !
< very rich and easy to use

> i loved this book ... . ! ! ! ! david is a sexy ..fine ... did i mention super sexy guitarist ... ... i not only love the whole music/band book but i love when characters get married drunk so not only are you dealing with an unexpected marriage to a stranger then you deal with star life and trust issues but ev was really rolling with it ... loved them
= great book
< david is a sexy guitarist ! ! ! !

> dove makes an outstanding product with this deodorant . not only does it protect well and smell great , but it lasts for 48 hours ! it 's so nice to not have to worry about it running out during the day or having to reapply . i have even had this last three days before and still keep me smelling great . i love this deodorant .
= awesome !
< dove makes an outstanding product

> i really liked this book but wanted so much for damian to find another mate . i hope that this is not really the end . the concept and characters of these stories are wonderful and exciting , you almost forget that they are wolves . i am reading all of the stories to see how they are tied . great again .
= great story
< great book

> this was the last book of the trilogy and managed to fulfill everything it needed to complete kellan and kiera . what a wonderful love story these two had . the author did a great job making the reader feel as tho you were a part of it all . highly recommend this series .
= excellent book !
< great read

> works great ! it is a quality cable and built to last . the connectors are even protected so that they wo n't snap off if you unplug it and plug it in often . i use this one with my laptop because i do tend to do that !
= just what i needed .
< works great !

> these huggies little movers have great absorbtion and allow my nephew to roam all over the place without worrying about accidents . and the super cute disney characters are a bonus !
= great diapers
< great for absorbtion

> i really liked this book . it was an easy read and a good story . i would n't say it was my favorite but a nice enjoyable read .
= i like it !
< good book

> johnny depp gives an outstanding performance that makes this movie a real winner and a lot of fun for both kids and adults ! a+
= a depp winner
< johnny depp is outstanding !

> there are no words to describe it was totally awesome . i guarantee that you will enjoy this book alot . more please
= awesome
< wow

> sometimes you get lucky and the title of a movie actually describes its quality . i once saw very bad things , and it was indeed a very bad thing . happily , the incredibles is just that : incredible , an excellent movie that has no real missteps.the movie follows a superhero couple who have married but then been forced into retirement . in the opening , a documentary shows mr. incredible longing for a normal life while his wife , elasti-girl , loves adventure . once retired - and hidden in the equivalent of a witness protection program for superheroes - we see the irony quickly : mr. incredible is bored with normality and his wife revels in it.fortunately for mr. incredible , he gets a chance to do some heroics , although this leads him into a trap which forces his wife to get back into action and bring their superpowered kids along . all the characters have relatively common superpowers . mr. incredible is like superman or captain marvel ( albeit without flight or x-ray vision ) . elasti-girl has the same sort of powers as plastic man or mr. fantastic . dash , the son , resembles the flash or quicksilver . violet , the daughter , resembles the invisible girl . the similarity to many comic book heroes is not accidental but is instead an homage to their influence on the story.although a pixar production , this has much more in common with good live-action superhero movies ( like spiderman ) than with other pixar movies like toy story or finding nemo . while taking nothing away from earlier pixar movies , this is a more mature work and geared to an older audience . despite previews to the contrary , this is not really a comedy , although there many funny moments . this very maturity makes this not only an incredibly fun movie but also an incredibly good one as well .
= incredible !
< a classic

> the picture-perfect batman movie ; dark and gritty and tragic but ultimately optimistic and meaningful , with an armful of colorful characters tossed in for seasoning . of course , it 's impossible to discuss the film without first touching on heath ledger , whose magnificent turn as the joker unconscionably steals the show from the very moment he appears on the screen . magical moments , memories and faces routinely come and go on the silver screen , but a role this iconic only comes around once or twice a generation , and the power of his appearance has been amplified over the years . ledger deserves every bit of the credit he reaped for the part , even if his untimely demise may have heightened the hype to superhuman levels . the things his character gets to do , say , and imply are downright remarkable , and really elevate this from a very good superhero movie into a brilliant social commentary that just so happens to revolve around a man with a cape , cowl and vast personal armory . as in batman begins , the supporting cast is heavily peppered with brilliant performances from hollywood 's heavy-hitters , with particularly excellent showings from michael caine , morgan freeman and aaron eckhart , and once again christian bale masterfully inhabits the dual roles of bruce wayne and batman . it 's a great action movie , detective story , political thriller , superhero flick and moral tragedy , never feels half as long as its 152 minute run time lets on , and sticks the landing in every single important scene . one for the ages .
= nolan 's knight captures everything i love about the batman mythos
< the , and , and , and , and , and , and , and

> in & # 8220 ; despicable me 2 & # 8221 ; felonious gru is no longer a villain & # 8211 ; perhaps not even the hero of the new movie . not that he has become dull or unfunny after his retirement . it is just that he has become , well , ordinary . fortunately , the film itself is very entertaining thanks largely to the yellow-colored creatures minions.gru , who was like a cross between mr. bean and dr. evil in the original , still looks the same , but he is now a ( basically ) nice person and caring father of three daughters margo , edith and agnes . a new adventure begins when gru meets lucy wilde , an agent sent from a secret organization called anti-villain league or avl.about half of the film follows their joint investigation into the case of a stolen chemical px-41 , substance that changes living things into purple people-eaters , and the romantic relationship between the ex-supervillian and an active-duty avl operative . the idea is fine , though gru of the sequel is rather a different person , more likable but less interesting than in the original.in spite of the weak storyline , however , the sequel works because of the horde of minions and their funny antics , as well as the unique and colorful designs of animation . the enjoyable film comes with a sort of teaser of the upcoming spin-off of the franchise & # 8220 ; minions & # 8221 ; scheduled to be released in a few years . i hope the filmmaker will keep doing a good job .
= the minions are back ( and gru too )
< despicable me 2

> the guernsey literary and potato peel pie society is the story of germany 's occupation of the channel islands during world war ii . the story is told through a series of letters to and from an author named juliet ashton . after receiving a letter from dawsey , one of guernsey 's residents , juliet becomes interested in the people and life on the islands during the occupation and asks that he not only keep in touch , but have other members of the literary society write her as well . before long , juliet decides she wants to write a book and gets permission from her publisher to go to guernsey and meet the people and hear their stories.i started this book a month ago . i had a very , very hard time keeping interest in the story . it was n't that i disliked it , i just did n't care or was n't in the mood for it at that time . a month and several books later , i decided to pick it back up . apparently , i stopped right before it started getting good . i found that once juliet got to guernsey , i could n't stop reading . i fell in love with the characters . oh how i would love to live in a place like guernsey with neighbors like dawsey , isola , amelia , and ebin ! so , even though i struggled through the beginning , the last half of the book made up for it . i 'm glad i picked it back up and gave it another try .
= started slow , but i fell in love with the characters !
< a very hard time

> this book is not for you if you hate stomach-turning tension , fan-yourself bedroom scenes or make-you-cry endings . if you do like those sort of stories , read this book ! ! ! archer 's voice really packs a punch . there 's so much going on in this book that overwhelms you it 's hard to focus on one thing . the tension and drama made me so sick to my stomach at times i had to put the book down and walk away for awhile . the sex scenes were perfect - so tender and yet so smoking hot i was afraid my ipad would overheat and break down . i had tears running down my face the last 20 % or so of this book . sometimes happy tears , sometimes sad tears . archer completely broke my heart - he was so wonderful and innocent and wounded i just wanted to scoop him up so i could cuddle him before i kissed him silly . he was perfectly perfect and so incredible he 's my # 1 best book boyfriend of all time . ( which is saying a lot because i read a lot of books ! ) mia sheridan did a stellar job with this book - everything was impeccable , from the length to how quickly the back stories were revealed to the alternating pov 's . this book will definitely be on my mind for a long time !
= does n't get any better than this ! ! !
< archer 's voice

> ok , i 'll admit it : i 'm an office products junky . i 'm always looking for that perfect black fine-point pen , or just the right file folders . i 've probably sampled just about every permutation of repositionable labels available in my search for the perfect stick-on tab for research materials ( for my interminable thesis ) and music.these new post-it durable tabs are very good . the colors allow me to color code references i need to be able to locate quickly ( red for historical dates/etc. , green for social customs , blue for religious connections , etc. ) . i also use them as quick index markers for music in a couple of choral groups . in one group , we usually sing 20-30 pieces for a concert , and i need to be able to locate the next piece we 're working on during rehearsal.the extra space under the white tab allows me to make a few notes , too -- which i can then erase if i reuse the tabs.this are n't quite as substantial as the avery labels of similar size -- the plastic is thinner in these post-its -- but it 's certainly sufficient to make these durable enough for most uses .
= convenient , sturdy ...
< great for the price

> i avoided this film for so long until a friend loaned it to me . i watched it last nite and i was quite impressed . to compare this to `` se7en '' is absurd ; there 's little or no comparison . director james wan 's youthful zeal and excitement is beautifully executed , but nothing can compare to david fincher 's meticulous style.i was expecting another stupid slasher flick , and was pleasantly surprised to be presented with quite an original narrative that had me fascinated . i did not guess the ending , though i tried , because it was so well written and edited . the acting was n't very good , though not totally unbelievable . after all , hysterical is an emotion that 's hard to sustain for 98 minutes if you 're an actor . james wan 's focus may not have been as precise as he 'd wished , but i look forward to his next project . the extras on the dvd are minimal , but mr. wan 's enthusiasm on a short extra impressed me . i enjoyed it and was entertained a lot .
= little indie film that satisfies ...
< a stupid slasher movie

> this story drew me in right away . how could it not ? justice drake ( fantastic name ! ) takes uptight socialites and turns them into sex goddesses to try and reel in their philandering husbands . there 's one socialite in particular that 's throwing his world of control off kilter , ally , or more specifically , mrs. allison carr.drake 's lessons were amusing . jennings does the male pov well . his true identity was a surprise , a great twist . i loved jennings ' pop culture references ( miley cyrus , kim kardashian , james franco ) , especially her reference to friends . i loved that show ! my only complaint is that i thought the ending was a bit rushed . i would have maybe liked a scene from ally 's pov of how she left her jackass of a husband . i do n't know it just felt like something was missing.but , overall , i thought taint lived up to its high expectations . well done !
= jennings can do no wrong !
< justice me in !

> when the great william goldman wrote the screenplay for rob reiner 's 1987 film version of his own 1973 novel , the princess bride , goldman actually outdid his own original work that was itself virtually flawless ! this is a perfectly cast production filled start to finish with great lines , wonderful scenes , unforgettable characters , and moments that are fun to watch over and over . it 's also a romantic tale brimming with castles , dungeons , a cheek pinching grandpa , a beautiful maiden , dashing heroes , swordfights , torture , treachery , piracy on the high seas , magic , miracles , revenge , rodents of unusual size , and true love . it 's been one of my favorite movies since i first saw it on the big screen as a child , and i 'll probably still be in love with this story when i 'm old and gray.i have not one bad thing to say about this enchanting movie.no , not one .
= this film is a joy
< the best of the series

> considering buying the new dove men+care line for your boyfriend or husband ? ( or maybe you are a man considering these products for yourself ? ) here are some quick pros and cons to help you in your decision : pros : -soothes freshly shaved skin.-makes skin feel softer , smoother.-absorbs into skin relatively quickly.-upside container allows for product to be readily available when needed.-container is ergonomic . fits nicely in-hand.-great deal for the money . ( lots of product ! ) -no irritation to the ingredients were appreciated or noted.cons : -bit of a strong fragrance ( this could be perceived as a `` pro '' if one does not wear a men 's fragrance ) .-a squeeze of the container consistently produces too much product . ( like , way too much ! ) in sum , one can not beat the price of this dove product ... considering the generous size of the container , this should last you many , many , many shaves .
= a good deal ...
< dove men+care line

> this second book begins with rush being totally in love with blaire , going back home without her while she remains in summit with her friend cain . blaire 's pregnancy throws her back into rush 's life & although she does n't want to tell him yet about the baby , she lowers her guard to him & can not resist that her body wants him badly ! there is n't a whole lot of drama that occurs in this story as compared to the first . in the beginning rush is determined to put blaire first in his life and he shuts out his family . but problems occur that make him push blaire out of his life again . there is a new twist where her father is concerned . still a great story even though i 'd like to see blaire be able to stand on her own two feet without rush 's help .
= blaire & rush
< great story

> avery moves miles away to an obscure small college to get away from her hometown where kids bullied her all through high school for something terrible that happened to her when she was only 14 , something her parents made a deal to make it go away . no one really knows the truth except for avery & when she meets her hot neighbor cam she is instantly attracted to him & feels emotions she has never felt before . but that does n't mean she is going to tell him about her past . even though cam has a reputation with women he wants a relationship with avery but not if she does n't trust him with her issues . seems like a lot of books lately are running with this same storyline but at least for this book it wrapped up nicely with a great ending !
= avery & cam
< great book

> brrr . horror stories are not my cup of tea . i did enjoy the strangeness of will smith in the movie production ofi am legend . often books read after the movie give the reader a deeper understanding of the plot . so i tackled this one.in this case , it 's almost a different story . i wo n't say anymore about this , except that the finale is quite different.this volume is a collection of the `` i am legend '' novella , and a number of short stories . some of these stories are quite suspenseful , in particular `` mad house , '' `` from shadowed places , '' and `` person to person . `` matheson has a written a number of books . are they all horror books ? brrr .
= horror stories and novellas by richard matheson
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> this solitaire version is actually very good game , having a lot of customizable playing and `` look and feel '' options but is marred by intrusive ads that come up when you deal a new hand . i do n't usually mind ads in free apps since they allow developers to continue making apps for free , but these are very annoying since they have to be cleared by hand and they include video ads that you ca n't be dismissed until they are done running ... the first one was for gin ( the booze , not the game ) and certainly not an ad that i want to come up when in my doctor 's waiting room.that being said , this game did install cleanly on my htc evo 4g and my kindle fire.cfh
= good game , bad ads
< very good game

> i found this product to be ineffective . i took it about 1 hour before i wanted to retire , and i expected to feel a bit sleepy by then - i did not . at about 90 minutes after drinking , i still did not feel sleepy . at that point , i took a generic benadryl ( diphenhydramine ) and was asleep within an hour after that.at about $ 2.50 per dose , i find this product to be over-priced compared to other sleep solutions . generic benadryl ( diphenhydramine ) is about 1 cent per tablet at sam 's club . just fyi - diphenhydramine is approved for use as a sleep aid , and it 's the same ingredient found in name-brand otc sleep aids , as well as brand-name benadryl .
= over-priced & ineffective
< not for me

> seems like a lot of people either love this or hate this , and i 'm wondering if they tried the glossy version yet because i noticed the matte version seems a bit `` clouded . `` i like having some protection on the screen , particularly to guard against scratches , but i did n't notice much of a difference in the glare reduction.i had a few air bubbles show up when applying it , but the little card helped get rid of them ... if you follow the directions , it should n't be a major issue.since i 'm not crazy about the matte version , i might try the glossy one ... my main concern is protecting the screen from scratches , and this product works well enough for that .
= might have to try the glossy version
< not for me

> i have been using this product for a year or two , and i would n't do without it , especially in the winter when my skin starts to flake with dryness . because i have sensitive and often dry skin , i have to be careful about what soap-like products i apply . i use a mesh body sponge , and the lather is thick and creamy with only a teaspoon or so of body wash. the only thing i do n't like about it is the tapered top that makes it tough when i 'm running out and want to store it upside down . i have to balance it against the shower wall.i highly recommend this for anyone who has dry or sensitive skin. -- debbie lee wesselmann
= a body wash that minimizes dry skin
< great for dry or sensitive skin

> i did not believe that this dream water would work . i have to say i was very surprised that it really does work . having just to drink some water to relax after work and a long ride home . sometime i can not fall asleep . this is a great way to fall asleep drug free instead of using pills . the best part is this will not make you feel tired or feeling like you could sleep a bit longer . this makes you feel refresh for the next day . the taste is ok but not to bitter or sweet or sour . good product to have on hand as well .
= a goodnight sleep
< works great

> my title say it all and after an extremely `` talky '' first half this film really takes off . trimming the length about 15 minutes would have made this film much better . there was just too much ( thee & thou ) gibberish being spewed throughout this otherwise entertaining popcorn movie . the film does have an interesting look and the characters seemed to be leaping off the pages of a graphic novel . i just wanted more action and less b u l l # % $ & * !
= beautiful looking with fantastic action sequences !
< not bad , but not great

> powerful apple taste in a small package ! this all natural energy drink gives you the boost without the jitters . it also does not have the after taste common in so many other carbonated energy drinks . the green apple taste is just like the old jolly ranchers . you can feel the boost but you will not have the crash . i enjoyed this drink after 20 hours awake , when i still had to work 4 more . it did n't let me down !
= all natural boost - no jitters
< natural energy drink with boost

> the main problem with the pure bar organic cherry cashew , is that it does n't taste like cherry or cashew.it 's made of just a few assorted nuts and a few assorted fruits rolled into a bar . and i 'm not sure exactly what it tastes like . it 's like one bar of flavor confusion . i ca n't tell what it tastes like.maybe i would have liked it better had it actually tasted like cherry and/or cashew
= not that good
< not bad

> i was really surprised at how good this was . i did need to put on ice and add a bit of cream and sweetener , but the coffee itself was quite smooth and tasted surprisingly of higher quality for being canned . i would recommend you at least give it a shot . i plan to have some on hand for when i am just too lazy to make iced coffee and need some .
= quite good
< very good

> while in theory a great idea , i have yet to catch a single mouse with these . i placed this trap in the same location as the $ .99 trap . the $ .99 trap caught multiple mice -- this $ 4 trap not a single one . aside from it not working , why pay $ 4 when you can pay $ .99 and for the same or better result .
= has n't worked for me
< not a single mouse

> when you start the book the story of santiago is cute , when he decide to go for his treasure is a good story , but when he start to speak with the dessert , the wind and the sun among other things , it is really boring and boring , this book could be great if the writer kept writing real things , things that will really help other people .
= it really doesn ` t worth it
< cute

> the masked man and his faithful companion tonto get thoroughly trashed in disney 's wrongheaded , fatally overlong revival . a project doomed to failure the moment bruckheimer , verbinski and depp got on board . our heroes of yesteryear have been replaced by cynical , wisecracking imposters . lavish set pieces arrive far too late to save the day . clayton moore and jay silverheels are sorely missed .
= `` lone ranger of the caribbean ''
< overlong revival

> man where is my lucien when you need one . absolutely loved his character and could not get enough of him and sophie . the sex was off the chart and the storyline was wrapped wonderfully . it was a perfect ending to a great story . i will definitely be looking forward to future books by kitty .
= we all need a lucien in our life ! ! ! !
< loved it !

> i 'm impressed with this film . it is very creative . here 's a guy who ca n't register new memories for longer than a few minutes . so what the ingenious director does is he takes us backwards through the film , so we feel the same way ! superb .
= very creative
< very good

> sadly , i got a defective disc and it will not allow me to even see the picture quality . since this was a free item to me , i can not exchange it , so i feel forced to leave a 1 star rating , which is a bummer ...
= defective disc
< i got a defective disc , but it 's not a fan

> i do n't really have the time to determine if i need to bump up my dha levels to meet my epa levels ( the balance is crucial to your health ) so i add this which is balanced and hope my dietary sources are not too far off .
= epa and dha in balance
< good for my epa

> claire is mess , her inability to figure out her life has now brought more people into the mess that is her life . with her being in love with two people and abigail a pipe dream that she ruined her chance with she has a lot to overcome .
= an unfinished love triangle with so many things left unanswered
< love it

> this was a amazing book.i loved this.i was so happy for the ending.i would recommend this book to everyone.i find that the character 's was just as impressed with blair as i was .
= wow
< loved it

> the tragedy and flaws of the characters in this series just keeps pulling me back . this is definitely one to read .
= a good story
< a great series

> jack reacher is a loner ; he travels the country free of roots and the usual entanglements of normal american life . but when he begins talking to major susan turner , the new commander of his old unit , on the phone , suddenly reacher has a goal : to get to virginia and find out if major turner is everything he thinks she is . and , as is usually the case , she is . unfortunately , when reacher meets turner , she 's under arrest . and so is he . because turner has stumbled into something deep , stretching from halfway around the world to the furthest depths of washington , d.c. and reacher , being the sort of man he is , ca n't let her deal with her demons alone . not when he 's being sucked back into the world he abandoned all those years ago.never go back is a page-turner . a nail-biter . i read most of the book in two sittings . on the same day . it 's the strongest reacher novel in a while , and that 's saying something , considering the affair was so darn good ( have n't read a wanted man yet , but it 's on my shelf ) . i 've said before on here that lee child 's prose is comparable to hemingway doing espionage : straight , brutal , and to the point . he rarely minces words , and weaves plots that are both intricate and realistic . he can be a bit sexist at times , true ; and saying `` that 's army life '' or `` reacher was raised that way '' only carries so much credit . but ultimately , child has given us a thoroughly , constantly compelling character , and a series of novels that continues to surprise and entertain .
= define `` nail-biter . ''
< a nail-biter reacher novel

> this book makes history quite interesting . i had a hard time putting this book down , being that it 's a mystery and the church makes it interesting.the da vinci code is fictional ! , but its runaway popularity seems based on the controversial interpretation of the history of the grail and all the surrounding issues - the priory of sion , the knights templar , the freemasons , the contention that the roman catholic church has been suppressing the truth about the role of mary magdalene in the life of jesus christ for two centuries and the interpretation of religious symbolism in art and architecture.brown has an extraordinary ability to weave his version of the historical background completely seamlessly into his story and make it just as gripping and compelling as the murder mystery itself ! the special illustrated collector 's edition of the davinci code is a bonus for fans of brown 's novel . whether inspired by the possibility of holiday sales or as a further bridge to the art world . for the first time reader , the original text is enhanced by stunning artwork and the overall quality of the book ; the basic layout , chapter headings and pages of colorful paintings are beautifully rendered . for those who are already fans , this edition offers yet another opportunity to continue the discussion , visual aids close at hand , an impressive volume by any standard.like i said before the historical writing is fantastic . brown has composed a taut , compelling , proverbial page-turner ! try not to judge it ! just enjoy it ! i highly recommend this illustrated edition . this hard-cover edition is not expensive but very informative . good value for your money and a nice book for your home library .
= this book is quite amazing
< a nice book for your home library

> loved this book so much . i 'm so glad that gideon finally opened up to eva about his troubled past . gideon loves eva so much that he murdered the man who repeatedly raped her as a child to protect her . nathan was coming after the only woman he 's ever rudely loved so he killed him to protect her . eva 's father finally learns what happened to her as a child . he is devastated but she puts him at ease showing him that she is ok now . an ex boyfriend of eva 's , who happens to be a hot famous rocker , comes back intrigue picture wanting eva back . his # 1 but was written about eva and the world knows it . gideon is sick with jealously but eva convinces him she loves him and not brett . such an emotional ride . someone set up a mob member for nathan 's murder to cover up for gideon , but who ? gideon and eva secretly elope in the caribbean . when back home they keep the secret for now and announce an engagement instead . corrine takes an overdose and loses her baby fathered by her husband when she learns of gideon and eva 's engagement . gideon feels responsible of course . can not wait for next book . love all these characters . can not wait to see if carry is really the father of tatianas baby . man i really hope he 's not . in the end of book eva and carry are preparing to leave for a weekend visit to san diego to see eva 's dad . but brett will be in town too . ca n't wait to see what happens .
= great emotional ride
< gideon is sick

> numi teas are the most wonderful teas i 've tasted in a long time . i recently became acquainted with them at an event where they were the tea of choice on the dessert table . i used to love tazo but numi is my new favorite . first off , as soon as you open the box , the fragrance of the tea hits you . and cardamom has to be one of the most glorious fragrances on the planet . it 's a sweet , gentle fragrance that affects my mood and makes me happy . it also tastes good ( cardamom , in general , tastes amazing in everything - i wonder why we americans do n't use it more regularly ) . this tea also has a slightly spicy flavor but not as spicy as say a strong chai tea . i have tried this with a little milk but prefer it without in general.pu-erh tea is a tea that is fermented as opposed to oxidized . i believe traditional oolong black teas and green teas are oxidized . oxidized teas do have a lot of health benefits but apparently , fermented tea also has numerous benefits without the punch of caffeine . fermented tea is reportedly better for the digestive process than oxidized teas but i do n't know what the science really is on that.delicious , richness in a cup . price is a bit high but it really is a lovely tea . maybe as a treat .
= frangrant and delicious
< a wonderful tea

> wow . i mean.. wow . this is another of those books that you see so much hype about and think there 's no way it could be as good as people are saying . just a moment while i pause and wipe away the tears.i 've read my fair share of world war ii stories . i 've seen it from all sorts of angles , but this was the first time i 'd seen this side of it . it 's so easy to get caught up in what was going on in germany ( and there 's nothing wrong with that ) that other things lose the spotlight when they do n't deserve to . the treatment of the american japanese was horrifying and heartbreaking and this book spotlights that in the most intimate of ways.this is a love story , most of all . not your typical harlequin romance , but a story of deep , abiding love . there 's patience , hope , despair and more all wrapped up in the love that begins between , of all people , two 12 year old children.i read this book only because the book club i plan on attending for the first time tomorrow has chosen it for their book of the month . even if i do n't enjoy the club i 'll be thankful to it for introducing me to this story . it 's a beautiful one and one i 'll be reading again .
= review of hotel on the corner of bitter and sweet
< wow !

> a few unfortunate children were born with psychic ability to see the future . unfortunate , because they saw only the most shocking events , murders . once this ability was realized , they became organic components in a massive machine . the pre-crime machine 's purpose was to stop the murder that was about to happen , rather than solve it after the fact . once the system is put in place , the murder rate goes to zero - the system is perfect.but of course , it 's not . in fact , this movie turns into a murder mystery of the kind that the perfect system was meant to end . it 's a thoughtful movie , with cause and effect rattling backward and forward through time . there 's one good action sequence , though , when tom cruise ( playing john anderton ) runs from arrest for the crime he did n't yet commit . saying more would say too much , but max von sydow ( as head of pre-crime ) , samantha morton ( as one of the psychics ) and others all put in good performances.the movie ends on a hopeful note . people can see mistakes and fix them , even mistakes on so huge a social scale . maybe the system is n't perfect , but it keeps trying.//wiredweird
= `` the system is perfect . ''
< a thoughtful movie

> the idea of a carbonated 100 % fruit drink seems so simple i am surprised i have never encountered it before . no extra sugar or nastiness added , just some carbonated bubbles and you are good to go.drinking it is a little strange at first . it is refreshing like a normal carbonated soda , but the flavor is all fruit . i love black cherries , so i was thrilled by the flavor . there is a slight aftertaste that you would n't get with normal pure fruit juice , and i can only assume that comes from the carbonation.the only problem with switch is the small can size compared with the price . obviously , one expects to pay a bit more for more natural products , and pure juice is always more expensive than soda pop . however , i knocked this one back pretty quickly , in just a few swallows , and on a hot day i would definitely want more.where i think the switch drinks really score is as a mixer for cocktails . try this with some vodka and ice , and it makes a really nice drink . the pure fruit juice and carbonation make for a magical mixture .
= juice pop . great for cocktails !
< a little strange , but not a good taste

> i live and work in boulder , colorado where izze is headquartered and the product is available almost everywhere here and even sold in the school where i teach . so i 've had the chance to try most of the flavors over the last few years . while i appreciate that izze `` stays true to the fruit '' as their slogan says and is `` refined '' sugar ( though it still has 19 grams of sugar per serving ) caffeine and preservative free i just do n't really care for the taste and would prefer to drink regular fruit juice or water if i 'm being virtuous or diet soda if i 'm walking on the wild side . i do especially like pomegranate juice so in trying this flavor i thought maybe i 'd finally found the right izze for me . yet the bottom line is i still prefer my juice without `` sparkling '' water . i should note that the 70 % fruit juice content of izze pomegranate also includes apple , white grape , cranberry , lemon and pineapple juices and though pomegranate may be the smallest per cent of the juices it definitely is the dominant flavor .
= izze leaves lily a little underwhelmed
< i like the flavor , but not the best

> when i base my comparison ofskinny cow divine filled chocolates caramelto my preferredcaramello candy barper package , skinny cow comes out the winner and the numbers looks like this -*skinny cowserving : 1 pouch130 calories/18g carbs/7g fat/1g protein*caramelloserving : 1 bar220 calories/29g carbs/10g fat/3g proteinbut that can be a bit deceiving because with skinny cow a serving is only 1 ounce , while caramello is 1.6 ounces . so i decided to even out the servings based on actual weight and here are the new numbers -*skinny cowserving 1.6 ounces208 calories/29g carbs/11g fat/2g protein*caramelloserving 1.6 ounces220 calories/29g carbs/10g fat/3g proteinnow when you look at it that way there is no winner , as they are just about even . obviously the determining factor for me is taste and i still prefer caramello both for it 's chocolate and that it has more caramel filling than skinny cow . while skinny cow is good for those that need more portion control in their food , i will stick with my preferred bar .
= skinny cow divine caramel vs. hershey 's caramello
< i

> this aftershave balm is just ok. it is good for sensitive skin and does not cause any further irritation , but i do not feel like it does a lot as far as really soothing or preventing irritations from shaving.it does absorb well and fairly quickly . it is n't exactly greasy , although you do feel the product on your skin . it can relieve some of the tightness after shaving , but not for very long . if you 're prone to that dry , tight feeling after shaving , you will most likely want something a little more moisturizing , which is longer lasting.it did n't seem to stop or help razor burn , or the little red dots that you get sometimes after shaving . it does make your skin soft though.the scent is nice . light , but manly .
= sensitive post shave balm
< just ok.

> i bought this book because i loved the title . i had never read a book of this calibre before and it was pretty obvious to me that i wo n't be reading many more.that being said , i can not deny ms. winters her due : she 's a gifted author . the plot flowed , the dialogue was spot-on and the characters were well-developed , intense , and well-matched.her writing strengths are in coaxing such deep emotions from a reader that i could n't believe i was reading the whole book . i found no fascination with the level of ... physical engagement ( cough , cough ) , but the ultimate psychological undercurrents that ran amok kept me riveted.for those of with this taste , bon appetit . for me , i 'm going to grab a burger .
= gasping for air
< bon appetit

> i have become more conscious of products with artificial sweeteners in them , and while the peach mio tastes good , it falls within this `` strange chemical '' category that i choose to avoid , particularly because i am a woman of child bearing age . the third ingredient in this product is propelyne glycol , which is a petroleum-based chemical in the glycerine family , and variations of this are used in hair creams an cosmetics . there is also a sugar substitute that is 200 times stronger than sugar ( acesulfame potassium ) and is thought to cause cancer . no thanks ! its a shame because i like the overall concept and packaging of this product , and would be a great product if the the ingredients werent so scary .
= too many scary `` fake sugar '' chemicals
< tastes good , but not a good price

> i am one that has never read the harry potter books , but really did enjoy this movie . i would n't say that it is amazing , but it does appeal to all ages . the story is really good , but the cgi used in the movie is a little dated . there are scenes when you can tell that it is computer animated because the characters look like something from a video game . not really used to seeing a movie when they use cg for the actors and it is slowed down enough where you get a good look and are able to tell the actor fake . it just takes away from the movie a little .
= good first entry of this legendary series
< a good movie

> axe chilled promises to make your skin look and feel irresistible -- and i must say that it does a good job ! i have found that i most enjoy using this product during my morning shower as it leaves my skin tingling and is a very refreshing way to wake up before you go about your day . as a bonus , my skin feels soft and hydrated . the final thing that i like about this product is that i find a lot of axe brand colognes and such to be incredibly overpowering but this face wash has a pleasant and much milder scent that does not leave others who are in the room with you gasping for breath .
= irresistible and smooth ...
< axe chilled promises to make your skin look

> when low catches marcus ' eye he is taken back a little . he did not think anyone would ever , or at least this soon catch his attention . marcus soon realizes what he feels for low is way more intense than the feelings he had for sadie . low is use to people walking out of her life and she never gives her heart away but she wants to take a chance on marcus . cage is not going to let anyone take his low away from him so marcus is in for a bit of a fight . things get even hairier for these two.a couple hot , steamy scenes.fabulous ending .
= hot
< hot , hot , hot

> tide plus febreze freshness spring and renewal . first thing , it smells magnificent . not too old lady , not too sickly sweet and not too migraine inducing flowery nonsense . does it keep smelling nice ? yes , yes it does ! does it clean your clothes ? yes it does ! i am so picky about detergents , especially the smell..usually i buy unscented because i can never find one i like . no one wants to smell like a florists shop , but you also want your clothes to be freshly clean smelling.some detergents can smell great but not clean great , this cleans just fine .
= tide plus
< smells great !

> diane setterfield 's best selling novel , `` the thirteenth tale '' , is unashamedly derivative of almost every gothic novel ever written except in one key element ; there is no mysterious , brooding , handsome master of the manor . and oh , how refreshing it was to skip that nonsense ... almost . i was a tad disappointed at the whiff of romance in the end - but the rest of the story was so engrossing i forgave it . probably ms. setterfield 's publishers made her add it since it 's patently impossible for literature or movies to depict a single woman as happily alone !
= wonderfully engrossing
< a !

> i regularly put lemon juice in a glass of water because it is refreshing . i use fresh ginger root in cooking . i drink hot tea 2-3 times a week . i had hight hopes for this beverage . i tried it hot . the lemon came through , then the ginger , then the feeling of heat . but the after taste was like medicine . i added some honey . it was an improvement but nothing i cared to have again . i give it a neutral rating because it has the lemon-ginger flavor advertised , but its not something i want to drink .
= not a flavor i care for
< refreshing

> usually these kind of snacks end up tasting like the box to me , but these were very good . they are sort of like a graham cracker , but better . it seemed the more i ate them , the more i liked them . i reach for them more than any other snack on my shelf . really like dunking them in milk too . only drawback , is that thee is a touch of cinnamon in them so i had to warn my houseguest who is allergic to cinnamon not to eat them . ( which just left more for me ! )
= oh so good !
< good tasting snack

> mr z premium cuts , premium beef jerky ( teriyaki ) : comes in a 4-ounce bag packaged with an oxyfree packet ( oxygen absorber ) to help preserve quality andfreshness . the jerky pieces are lightly flavored withteriyaki/smoke , which took me several pieces to getused to the taste ; have a chewy texture , and are veryflavorful . this is a product made from grass-fed beef , with little fat content ( 4g ) for the bag , with nosaturated or trans fat . sodium content is high though ( 2,160 mg ) for the bag .
= mr. z does teriyaki/smoke
< mr z premium beef jerky ( teriyaki )

> this is what i can tell you - my dog loves almost all of the food she eats , sneaks or straight out steals ( she is a rescue dog with food issues ) . i can not honestly tell you anything about this food ( not having tried it myself ) except that my dog loves it and snarfs it down.after looking at it on the package and than in the bowl my wife did make the comment that this dog food looks better than a lot of the stews and casseroles we have eaten .
= my dog loves it
< my dog loves it

> i used this along a tree line by my house . i constantly have skunks and deer coming out of the woods and tearing up the yard so i was looking for something i could apply . i got this and the granules by havahart and put the granules around my patio and sprayed this around the treeline . so far i have n't seen any critters so i assume it works ! i like the battery sprayer , no more pumping .
= used this along a treeline , seems to work
< works great !

> short , fast paced , sassy and sexy story of a one night ( in the dark ) stand that yearns to be more . i loved the sweet but secretly naughty little dress designer with the super hot but very sensitive actor/stuntman ... it was pure chemistry and adorable interactions . very enjoyable to read with enough character development that i felt they were believable as a couple . great ending ... so cool ... loved it ! !
= project runway with a side of sexy = )
< loved it ! !

> worked just as well red bull , better than monster or venom , but not as good as 5-hour energy drink . however , the taste really set it apart from the other energy drinks ; there was no funky after taste . this tasted like carbonated apple cider -- delicious ! it would be great if this became more readily available in local stores .
= flavorful energy
< delicious !

> generally when she eats grass she up chucks it , she has n't since a few days after starting with these . her breathe is also noticeably better . she is 10 years old and you can see that some of the crap off her teeth has come off since chewing these . i give her one a day .
= funbites minicongo digestive support
< works great

> john travolta and more star in quentin tarantino's1994 crime thriller . three tales center around 2hitmen , a boxer , a crime boss and his new bride.this is a great film featuring a cool cast that'sdefinitely one of tarantino 's best . this 2-discset not only has good picture and sound , butneat extras . i highly recommend this .
= `` great film ! ''
< `` tarantino 's best ! ''

> i am a `` breakfast blend '' coffee drinker , so maybe this was just too strong for me , but i tried a cup black & another cup with cream and sugar , and this coffee tasted terrible both times.i did like the low acid aspect , but i think they should try flavored versions .
= yuck .
< too strong for me

> i tried this by itself , in milk and then in yoghurt . i liked this each of the three ways . it reminds me of a honey flavored kix . it 's crunchy and tastes good . i am not sure of the health benefits of it , but i would recommend it .
= i like this , it 's a bit like a healthy kix
< crunchy and tasty

> katie and brandons relationship is as twisted as it gets . while i really enjoyed the first two parts to this novella , i really did not like this ending . he played way too many games with her and was just as guilty of lying as her .
= twisted
< twisted

> i liked this book , it was well written . had a good plot , love hockey players so this was a plus for me . liked the characters , their chemistry , also the secondary characters made an impression .
= very good
< good book

> i love this stuff and it 's totally addicting ! the big difference is the flavor , totally lacking in the nasty chemical taste that most licorice candy has . i highly recommend it !
= tart and tasty !
< delicious !

> what a surprise ending . it kinda left you hanging with city and suzy . but i 'm sure there will be more in books to come .
= men of inked 1
< good

> with great production values , beautifully-shot photography and the fine performance from tom cruise , `` oblivion '' should have been a masterpiece . however , while it manages to entertain throughout its rather lengthy 124 minutes , the sci-fi action film fails to fulfill its considerable potential.set in the year 2077 , after the all-out war with the space aliens `` the scavengers , '' earth is now virtually inhabitable . while most of the surviving humans migrated to titan , jack harper ( tom cruise ) remains on earth as a repairman of drones intended to wipe out the remaining `` scavs . '' his mandatory work is interrupted when he rescues julia ( olga kurylenko ) , a `` dream woman '' jack frequently meets in his dreams.sounds familiar ? that `` oblivion '' borrowed so many ideas from other sci-fi movies did n't bother me . the problem is that in his sophomore work as a director joseph kosinski ( `` tron : legacy '' ) recycled these ideas in a not-so-creative manner . each piece is fine , but they do not add up when put together . hence there are so many strange plot holes . we have to believe that those space aliens that can destroy the moon can not foresee and prevent jack harper 's next move after he knows what is really going on.and probably most viewers would realize what is really going on earth faster than jack does . even so , `` oblivion '' is still an enjoyable ride , but with a little more imagination this could have been a much more unique and original action movie .
= ( 3.5 stars ) familiar , still entertaining with great visuals
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> this was such an intense movie that , at three hours in length , i did n't really mind up watching this in one sitting , which is very tough for me to do.the acting in here is outstanding and runs the gamut from well-known actors like tom hanks to several unknowns , all having major roles . it 's also nicely filmed . the unique story gets you involved to the point where , even having to watch several very , very unpleasant scenes , you do n't want to put the movie down.big michael clarke duncan elevated his career a lot with this role , playing `` john coffey , '' a prisoner with strange powers . you could root for all the characters save two , a sadistic guard aptly named `` brutus 'brutal ' howell '' ( david morse ) and warden hal moores ( james cromwell ) . with those two exceptions , however , it was nice to finally see prison guards as good guys , something rarely seen since the classic-movie era.michael jeter , one of those unknown actors , was a lot of fun to watch as `` eduard delacroix . `` overall , however , as much as i praise this movie , the unpleasant scenes , the high use of the lord 's name in vain and the length of it all make this a tough movie to watch over and over , but it 's a movie to definitely see at least once . let 's put it this way : it gets your attention !
= in 3 words : long , intense , involving
< a movie that 's a movie that is a good movie

> this is a bright and cute way to catch all the snacks - especially to have in the car so you can find it and just throw it back to feed the wild ani- i mean , children . i 'm always throwing little snacks in my purse and they usually end up smooshed on the bottom of my purse . and i can never find the right number of snacks without taking out some roadwork barrels , which is fine . why do they need that many barrels anyway ? my 4yo granddaughter tested this though and she was able to fit four packs of fruit snacks and 4 packs of gummy bears in the bag without any problem . except for the obvious , & # 34 ; why do you need 4 of these things when there are only 3 of you ? & # 34 ; then she pulled out one of my favorite pens from the bottom and i forgot all about her math.this bag is not going to hold up to much . the fabric says it is 100 % polyester and it has a shiny feel to it . it also says it is washable and i have washed it once to no bad effects , on a gentle cycle with towels.that 's expensive for one simple bag though . this would have to hold up to a lot for a long time to make it worth that price .
= grandma 's little catcher
< cute way to catch all the snacks

> ( 3.5 stars ) victoria has recently aged out of the foster care system and is in a halfway house until she can not pay the rent , and moves out to live in a public park . she has had a rough time in foster care , as we see in flashback , and was devastated when her one last shot at adoption fell through as a younger child . the one thing she has carried through from that experience is her love of plants and the language of flowers as conceived by the victorians . she manages to get a job in a florist 's shop and slowly begins to build connections and a life , and even to her past . when an unexpected event throws her into a tailspin , she retreats into herself , falling into old patterns and losing her trust for those who care about her , until after reaching a bottom she begins to see the other side . this was a stark and gritty portrayal of the traumas and pitfalls of the foster care system and its failure to gracefully transition people out to the `` real world '' . while i appreciated the story-line , her regression and the precipitating events felt a bit jarring to me .
= longing for the language of flowers to communicate
< a gritty and gritty portrayal of the foster care system

> this is an epic novel about a bishop , a prior , and an earl who live in england during the 12th . century . each of these men is ambitious and each has an agenda which comes into conflict with the others . alliances are made and broken , fortunes are created and lost , and power grows and shrinks as each of these men attempt to gain influence in a time of shifting political fortunes . yesterday 's ally becomes today 's enemy as bishop waleran , prior philip , and earl william jockey for position and power . at the center of the story is the building of a cathedral in kingsbridge , not just a place of worship but a pawn of politics , war , and ever-changing loyalties.the characters are vivid and well-drawn ; tom builder who begins the cathedral construction , his beloved ellen , her son jack , the intrepid aliena , as well as waleran , philip , and william . their lives intertwine and they suffer great pain as well as tremendous triumphs in an era when the church and the king were in constant competition and struggle.i could not put this book down and i heartily recommend it .
= a book of epic proportions
< epic

> this is shaping up to be a wonderful series . it had been a while since i read , if i were you , but once i got started with this second edition , it all starting coming back to me . i was glad that much of sara 's past was revealed to give some insight into her insecurities . it helped to understand them ; but it did n't help to ease the frustration i felt watching her make what felt like irrational and unfounded decisions , leaving me infuriated with her , but hey that type of angst makes reading these stories fun . something tells me we have not seen the last of michael or her father , that just seemed to go away a little to easily . there were some twist and turns that i did not see coming , that were interesting , and it was nice to see walker security woven into this story . chris is harboring some real pain inside , and i ca n't wait to find out what lead to his coping mechanisms . luckily , we only have to wait a few more months for the conclusion to this exciting trilogy ! thanks lisa .
= i can hardly wait to see what paris will reveal !
< a wonderful series

> super 8 is a throwback of sorts to the storytelling that made 80 's films like e.t . so compelling . only this time around there is an added dose of menace . the trailers did n't give too much away , which made the movie seem mysterious and boring at the same time , when it 's far from the latter . basically , a train crashes while a group of kids are filming a zombie movie . something breaks out of the train and strange things start to happen in the neighboring small town . all of the dogs run away and people go missing . i 'm not going to spoil the surprises , since it was a much better experience for me not knowing . the cgi is very good and the all the kid actors are convincing.j.j . abrams may have stolen a lot of spielberg 's charms here , but it is rare thing these days to watch a summer film that relies on it 's story , acting and nostalgia , rather than just loud explosions and cgi overkill .
= e.t . with jaws
< a throwback of sorts

> i do n't normally read fiction but lately fiction seems to be getting better . ( or more likely , i 'm tired of reading about real things in depressing times ) . this book captivated me right away with the description of bees flying from a hole in the wall , bees that the girl could see but not the father . it made me want to find out why ... and then i realized it was because the story was written from a 14-year-old 's perspective sprinkled with historical facts concerning the 1964 voter rights act and reactions of white southerners.colorful personalities , `` calendar girls , '' odd habits and quirky scenes with believable characters make this story flow.the black madonna , bees , honey , sweet aromas all are repeated throughout the story . it kept the rhythm of the story , and one almost wishes that the girl discovers her mother and reunites with her.this is southern fiction at its finest . i recommend this book for all women ; sisters , mothers , daughters .
= beautiful , charming , mystical , bittersweet
< a southern fiction at its best

> i found the taste of this bar to be only so-so . it tastes of yogurt coating , rice and something else i ca n't identify but that comes across as a combination of additives.compared to some of the other slim-fast bars , this one is fairly low fat - only 2.5 grams , or 25 % of calories from fat . two of those grams are saturated low , for 10 % of your daily intake . the primary ingredients are yogurt flavored coating , crisp rice with cocoa , crisp rice , poyldextrose and fructose . even those first ingredients contain some ingredients i 'm not too familiar with , such as dextrose , distilled monoglycerides , mixed tocopherols , which is perhaps where the slightly chemical taste comes from.if i was trying to eat a more healthy diet , i would n't go for a product with so many artificial ingredients . if i just needed a treat and wanted to limit the calories , i prefer the slim fast 's chocolate nougat bar to this one .
= taste is only so-so
< so-so taste , but low fat

> tracy chevalier 's novel is a fictitious background story for johannes vermeer 's famous painting . the tale is plausible enough , told from the perspective of the girl in the painting . griet is a teenager in 1664 who becomes a maid in the service of vermeer 's family , but the artist recognizes when he meets her that she is a good observer of color . she has placed her chopped vegetables in the shape of pie wedges , so that adjacent colors in the wheel are not similar . the prose is unpretentious and straightforward , evocative of the well-mannered griet , making this book a quick read . i thought it rather predictable , especially with regard to the hurtful mischief that vermeer 's daughter cornelia stirs up and the eventual role that griet earns as vermeer 's assistant . of course , we know from the outset that he will paint her , and it was handy to have a photo of the painting on the cover as a reference .
= plausible by predictable
< a quick read for the painting

> my little one loves the outdoors . he is very fair skinned and i wanted to find a gentle , safe sunscreen for him . he is not quite 6 months yet but i decided to get this brand to try anyway . before use i took this to our last doctors appointment and asked if it was okay to use since he was n't yet six months . our doctor looked at the ingredient list and gave the okay . his only advice was to test a small area of skin first to make sure he did n't have a reaction to it and to keep it off his hands to avoid getting into his eyes . we followed his advice and all is fine.the cotz absorbs completely , quickly and without leaving a greasy film on the skin and it has protected him from too much sun exposure when we have been outdoors for extended periods of time . it is expensive but it 's safe for infants and it works !
= pediatrician approved
< works well for me

> in this book jett is bound and determined to prove to brooke , the woman he loves , that he did not betray her . brooke believes that jett was using her to get his hands on the multimillion dollar estate she stands to inherit . originally that was his intention until he fell in love with brooke . she has fled overseas to claim her inheritance . jett follows her to win her back . while there they learn that the house she is to inherit was involved with a secret dangerous club of men . they are now trying to kill her because they are afraid she will learn their secret . as jett wins back her love he must also protect her and help uncover the many secrets of the mansion , which include jetts father . . great read full of romance , love , passion , mystery , ans suspense . can not wait for next book to learn more of the secrets behind brookes inheritance .
= love this series
< great read

> the bottomline about this film is that i didnt feel it . i 'm a very curious guy so when i was told there is something so insanely mesmerising about this film , i saw it again and even after watching it twice , i failed to feel it . this film is self conscious , stuckup , morally confused and pretty badly edited . i found two scenes in this film which tried to be very thunderous but failed miserably at evoking any sort of amusement or `` whoa '' out of me , except the original intented intent.i did not sleep during this film . it isnt the worst film i have ever seen . i 'd still give it a four.all this is my opinion . try not to knock on me.do i hate it ? i seldom use such strong words , but yes , with every beat in my `` man on the moon '' loving , jim carrey fan heart .
= seriously bleak
< i 'm a fan of this movie .

> having used pcs for work ( and therefore home stuff ) , i recently invested in a mac after taking up photography . what followed is a sudden need for mac compatible hardware and of course something to store all those mediocre photos i took.this external hard drive was advertised as mac compatible , is from a well-known and reputable brand with a history of reliable performance and so seemed a good fit.as i am still adjusting to using my mac ( and my new camera ) i was pleasantly surprised that the backup took no more than 30-mins . that same amount of data would have taken a few hours to complete on my pc and pc-compatible back-up drive.i still use pcs for work but am slowly switching over to mac for all my personal computing needs . i will report back with more details as i learn more and use this more .
= fast !
< great for mac compatible

> this book was just as awesome as all the other 2. kellan and kiera are just perfect for each other in every way . this book showed just how perfect they are for each other and how they can overcome anything as long they have each other and trust each other . kellan is just amazing in this book in how he just wanted to show kiera that even with all the fame coming , all he wants is her . loved how he went to the radio station and announced the whole truth regarding siena . the ending with their joy just made this book even more loveable . wish that i could read more of kellan and kiera . overall happy with this book and all others . thank you s.c for a wonderful seris . cant wait to read more of your books .
= lovingly amazing ! ! !
< awesome book !

> looks like the schick hydro got a re-make . last july i tried them and found them to be ok. this new model does n't have replacement heads or that not so great shower holder . what you get here is a good 5 blade razor that so far have not nicked or cut me , has the moisturizing liquid that starts coming out after you wet it , this lasts 3-5 shaves . it has a nice bump in the handle that when laid flat on a shelf will keep the blades out of any standing water . the handle itself is rubberized for good grip . they come in a three pack . i love the venus razor it 's my stand by but this one does a good job and disposable , which i like for travel . i like it .
= they improved over the ones selling last summer
< good razor

> this bag of cookies did n't survive more than an hour in my house which pretty much sums up how good they are.above all , check this out in the description : `` all natural ; made with 70 % + organic ingredients ; no artificial flavors or colors ; no hydrogenated oils ; no trans-fatty acids ; dairy free ; egg free ; vegan '' . we 're currently doing the vegan thing so it 's great to find tasty snacks like this that make you forget about oils , butters and the things you 're giving up.i 'm a huge fan of ginger so it 's simply not possible to have too much in my opinion . i loved the crunchiness and appropriate bite size as well . i 'll be ordering more now that the freebies have gone .
= loved the ginger taste
< all natural , no artificial flavors

> just when you thought batman had been relegated to the used video bin , along comes this exceptionally entertaining , brand spankin ' new , fabulous new movie . everything about it is wonderful - from the engrossing plot and concept to the hyper-cool production design . the cast is terrific , headed up by a sexy , angry , smoldering christian bale as batman , and michael caine , who has a delightful winking humor as alfred . this movie , with its attention to detail , its heart-pounding soundtrack , and its smart , comic-book sensibility , gives you what so few summer movies do these days -- a visceral thrill that makes you literally gasp .
= superb
< batman is a classic

> i like the dove body wash , since it lathers up nicely , and it is soothingly refreshing while its nutrium moisture provides a pleasant shower experience . however , an hour afterward , and though not visible , my skin feels as if it has a bit of a dry , soap-like , dove-scented film on it - perhaps the feel of clean ? it does its job , but i just feel a little dry is all . this could be a good thing for the upcoming summer heat we 'll be having - if so i 'll come back to boost its rating by one more star .
= nice lather
< nice shower experience

> the colors for this item are very bright and colorful and looks great with any type of marker or crayon used . it sticks and stays great the first time you stick on something , but once it is pulled down , it does not stick again . it does stick to just about any surface , and is a great use for making signs , but again , if it is taken down , even accidentally , it will not restick again . overall great product , giving it four stars simply because it does not stick more than once .
= colorful but not lasting
< great for signs

> the second book in the breathing series was a disappointment . this book shows you how emma deals with all of the things carol did to her before going off to jail . but in my opinion emma just pushes all of the people who really care about her away for no good reason . this book was very frustrating because of this . and the ending was another cliffhanger , that was so sad i wanted to cry . i ca n't wait for the next book but i really hope it will be better than this one .
= disappointed..
< frustrating

> when i ordered the new jamba juice strawberry banana flavor i was really excited to try it . i am in love with jamba juice because of the fact that that it is all natural and does n't contain any of that junk my body just does n't need . this flavor is now on my top 3 list as one that i love to have regularly . i 'm so happy that i ordered it and i 'm sure that my fridge will not go long without holding some of these tasty juice cans .
= one of my favorite !
< i love jamba juice cans !

> in post-wwii barcelona , young daniel is taken by his bookseller father to the cemetery of forgotten books . he is told to choose a book to protect . he selects one . he reads it , loves it and searches for the rest of the author 's works only to discover that someone is trying to destroy every book the author has ever written . this book is part detective story , part boy 's adventure , part romance , fantasy and gothic horror .
= adventure , romance , fantasy , and detective story
< detective story

> another great story . i like the way the author delves into the emotions of the characters , it solidifies how they feel.i will get the third book , but i hope the grammar is better . there a lot of grammical errors and i 'm disappointed by that considering an attorney wrote this book . get another editor you are a good writer.i want to thank all of our american hero 's for protecting our country and all of our heroes deserves medals .
= do n't touch
< great story

> i ca n't tell the difference between organic and non-organic chocolate just based on the taste of it . i highly doubt many people could . but the taste is really great . not as bitter as some dark chocolate is , and it melts really well in the mouth - not waxy at all like a cheaper version might be.this is really good chocolate , period .
= yummy
< great taste , great taste

> it 's difficult to get overly enthusiastic about return address labels , but it 's nice to be able to produce your own instead of relying on the seemingly endless supply of `` here 's a return address label to use , now give me money please '' labels.they 're very convenient to use , and the printing works just great . well done !
= a nice customizable label
< great for return address labels

> i have high cholesterol and high blood pressure and i wanted to take this because it is supposed to be good for your heart health . it is very hard to know how well it 's working , but i take it faithfully every day . omega 's are very important and i feel that these are most likely doing my body good .
= i have been taking this for my heart .
< good for your heart health

> fantastic ending to a beautiful series and couple ! i 'm happy how this story turned out . i hope to see more from the other characters , grant especially ! thanks for another great book abbi ! also thanks for taking the time to visit australia last week . it was great meeting you in sydney : - )
= loved it !
< fantastic ending to a beautiful series !

> yes , the moshi ivisor ag screen protection for kindle fire does the job very well . easy to install . only three stars since $ 20.00 is very expensive for a screen protector . the kindle fire ought to come with one of these .
= does the job well
< moshi ivisor screen protection

> nice assortment of bottles , caps , and nipples in this set . this works well for mothers who pump for breast feeding or for those using formula because of the simple assembly .
= excellent starter set
< good for breast feeding

> hey angry black man , did you pay any attention at all ? if you hated it-that means you found it too complicated.you must of just played around while watchimg it .
= angry black man did you pay any attention to this movie
< too

> sadie & jax 's story was sweet & wonderful . if your looking for steamy romance then this one is n't for you . its more of a sweet love story
= breathe
< sweet story

> i want to say this . i am firmly convinced that chris evans is a super hero . sadly , he is n't much of an actor , and it shows in this film . he just is n't convincing as a person , constantly displaced from the people around him ( especially the stunning hayley atwell , who can actually act her butt off here ) . honestly though , chris evans is the least of this film 's problems. ` captain america : the first avenger ' suffers from trying to do too much without placing it firmly in focus . it opens very strong , establishing young sickly steve rogers ' backstory very well . as an origin story , this film gets it and it works it beautifully . this is aided by the beautiful production design , recreating an era and a place that consumes every frame . from the costumes to the set pieces to the brilliantly cloaked cinematography , ` captain america ' promises to be amazing . sadly , after steve rogers makes his transformation and his first heroic act the film loses its footing . this comes from rapid segments that feel like an excuse to show pointless action sequences . there is no meat in these scenes . secondly , the reveal of hugo weaving 's villain seems kind of anticlimactic ( why does he wait so long to show his comrades something he does n't seem so intent of hiding anyways ) . all of these elements create a second half that drags pretty badly . the film wares out its welcome before it is half over.still , some of the scenes are expertly crafted , and the technical elements at play here are nicely composed ( making chris evans a scrawny little twig of a man is not only mind-blowing but believable ) but in the end , this is a film that only ` half ' works . i just wish they had stopped while they were ahead .
= captain america 's first half is far better than his second ...
< a good film , but ...

> i like this size and type tampon . they are already put together so there 's no tiny little pull out and pop in place stick . this means in the pack they are longer than some of the newer applicators . they are individually wrapped and my only real complaint is the plastic , while thin , is a bit hard to open . a quick bite and pull pops them right open , but it would be nicer if i could ever just tear them open as easily.they are plastic applicators with a small very absorbent tampon that balloons out a bit like an upside down umbrella . the applicators have little raised rings that help you insert them . it is long enough to help you easily get the tampon high enough so you ca n't feel it . i 've never had one leak , possibly because other than being absorbed , and expanding , the shape forms a bit of a cup . however , they are super easy to get out too , and never hurt because they are made so smooth , and the string is nice and long enough and well knotted.the regular is my favorite size because it is so very comfortable . i find that they work well for me almost every day of any period . occasionally i might have to have a super , so i keep some on hand , but it is rare . i have very light periods though compared to what it seems some women have though.they are great for swimming , i 'd just advise a new one before you go and to remove it after you get out.they do n't dissolve - they are plastic and they are n't great for the environment . i wish they were , it 's the only real negative i can think of about them .
= easy & works
< great for light , light , and comfortable

> my son is biracial and has very dry hair . i had tried the clear scalp & hair beauty therapy ultra shea nourishing scalp & hair oil and had problems working it into his hair evenly , but not so much with it making his hair greasy ( my hands were a different story ) . because of my experience , i knew that this product was designed for african american hair ( even though it does n't state this anywhere on the packaging ) .i picked up the container and started looking for directions so i 'd know how much to use . no directions at all . wonderful . so , i just scooped out about 1/2 tsp and my first thought was , `` this is basically scented vaseline . '' i was able to work it into his hair much better than the oil and it did n't make his hair greasy at all , but remember , his hair is extremely dry . in about 5 minutes , i could n't tell i had put anything in . i 've been using it daily it does seem to make his hair a little softer , but i 'm afraid to use too much and turn him into a giant grease ball . so , for a biracial child with very dry hair , this is a decent product . it 's not the best out there , but is n't the worst either.i knocked two stars off my review . the first was for having no directions on the container . the second was for not specifying that this is made for african american hair . i find it very misleading to make the product sound like it can be used for all hair types .
= for african american hair
< not the best

> i have had this book on my radar for a while as i enjoyed both of cole 's stories ( belong to you , and made for you ) , and saw that the second edition of this series was coming out soon , so i decided that i should attend my first mma fight . this is my read with a fighter as the male lead , but i have noticed that this backdrop is popular in the romantic genre . nico is a great balance between alpha male , bad ass fighter , gorgeous dimpled boy next door , who just happens to have a killer bod . ella is a successful lawyer , who appears to have it all , to include a hottie attorney boyfriend and a charmed life ; only thing is that she is just existing , not living . that is until she lays eyes on nico hunter , prized mma champ , who needs her help with an endorsement contract , and nothing will be the same for either of them after that initial meeting.they both have demons from their past , that keep creeping up into the present , and are fighting hard to keep them from ruining their future . i liked this story , and i liked how the author have a good balance of the mma action , the romance and intimacy ( it was n't too over the top ) , and engaging supporting characters . i enjoyed it enough that i do want to read vinnie 's mma adventure .
= i attended my first mma cage fight , and enjoyed it .
< another great book by nico

> i 've resisted reading the hunger games trilogy for some time -- but i 'm so glad i finally gave in and read it . this is a wonderfully written dystopian novel that really hits at that element of society that seems to gawk at and take delight in the misfortune of others . i can imagine suzanne collins watching an episode of survivor and asking herself , what if it were real ? the story is set in a futuristic world -- panem -- that used to be north america . the country is divided into twelve districts which are producers that basically supply the foods and goods necessary for the happy upkeep of those in the capitol , which is powerful , self-centered , and voyeuristic . as a means of keeping citizens in line , panem sponsors the hunger games -- pitting one male and one female teenager from each of the twelve districts into a literal fight to the death.i 'm not often a fan of first person narrative , but when done well , it can be gripping , as it was in this book . katniss 's story is fraught with danger , action , and even a bit of the confusion that comes with a young girl 's first awareness of the attraction of boys.i loved the story and ca n't wait to start the next book in the trilogy .
= so glad i finally gave in
< a great dystopian novel

> let me preface this by saying i 'm not a tween . so , perhaps my opinion may not matter to most of you , as i 'm reading this series from an adult 's perspective ( 30 something ) . however , i will share my thoughts , as i always do here on amazon.while i felt twilight was decent , new moon was much improved , eclipse was disappointing for me . while again i think the writing has improved very much since the 1st book in the series , i just felt this one sort of lacked ... .something . i guess after spending all of this time reading the first two books , i was hoping this book might finally move at a faster pace and bring us where we all suspect this is going , bella becoming a vampire . however , nearing the climax , i felt again , let down . i mean , come on , i think this makes something like 1500 pages read ... and i feel like i was still waiting for i thought what would happen in book one.i guess now it 's on to breaking dawn , to see where that will leave us , and i hope give us readers a pay off !
= a review not from a tween
< not what i expected

> i 'm not sure that this is a product that anyone needs . i love caffeine and drink coffee ( usually hot ) every day , even on days that are brutally warm . i have also used caffeine supplements to help with workouts . the avitae bottles cost well over a dollar a bottle , and i just do n't see a need for a product that offers unflavored water and a little bit of caffeine.i drank the water cold after it had been refrigerated for at least 24 hours . i did not detect any taste , good or bad . i also failed to notice much of an effect from the caffeine . the bottle states that the caffeine is equivalent to a cup of coffee , but i get a lot better buzz after a cup than i did with this drink . furthermore , the bottle is oddly shaped and would be difficult to carry if i took it with me on a workout.it seems like an idea that was n't thought out very well . why not offer a flavor or increase the amount of caffeine ? again , i 'm puzzled as to who would pay big bucks for this product .
= too expensive for water + caffeine
< not sure about the caffeine

> this was a wonderful mystery , full of unexpected twists and turns . i do n't want to give away more than has already been described by others , so i will just say that , in addition to the fine mystery , i found especially nice the wonderful picture drawn of the early 1950s . everything seems just right on target . anyone who loves a good mystery , full of doubletakes , will love this book . the delimma that is mentioned in the book re the sorts of treatment , surgical vs drugs vs talk , has led to much discussion in my family . i will say , however , finally , that i did kind of guess the end before i was a dozen pages in . but that is not a reflection on the skills of the author -- i just have read lots of stories and there are only so many twists any plot can take . and the author gave exquisite little hints . i plan to read all his works !
= could n't read fast enough ! !
< wonderful mystery

> i really love the flexibility of this razor and it 's easy to move from cheek , to neck , to jawline , etc as you shave . the problem is that there is not quite enough pressure applied to the face to render a really close shave . so in order to get that close shave , you have to apply additional pressure with your thumb or fingers to cut those low-lying whiskers . in my opinion , this sort of defeats the purpose of the bendy handle . the balance between flexibility and applicable pressure is not met in this design . additionally , to lengthen the life of your razors , one must clean the residual cut whiskers from the blade and this handle has a knob on the back that blocks access to the blade . cleaning the blade , then , is very difficult so it 's my guess that these blades would not last as long as other brand razors due to the difficulty in cleaning them .
= for the benefit of flexibility , you give up a close shave
< great for the price

> the year , 2006 , was the year of the mexican director with 3 of the most prominent films directed by guillermo del toro , alfonso cuaron ( children of men ) & alejandro gonzalez inirritu ( babel ) . of the 3 , del toro 's `` pan 's labyrinth '' stands out as a skillful blending of fantasy & reality . it 's no surprise to me after seeing his previous films like `` mimic '' , `` devil 's backbone '' , `` blade 2 '' & `` hellboy '' that this film would be a skillful brew . like `` backbone '' , it is set against a civil war and we are shown how a child copes with this horror . the colorful photography and special effects especially shine in hi-def ( i have this in hd dvd ) and you wo n't be disappointed . for further proof , check out stephen king 's review of this film also .
= guillermo del toro 's dark fantasy
< the year , del toro

> this film had some gruesome amazing action , it has some good dialogues , it does n't have any defining moments like death proof or kill bill did . i feel tarantino has changed something over the course of his last two films , i think he has started the subject matter of recreating period a tad too seriously . foxx is amazing , waltz is very good too but the film overall felt a little blase in the end because i was expecting to watch the film i waited for all year.django is not a bad film , it just tries too hard to be good at whatever it is trying to insinuate . samuel jackson was annoying and leonardo 's character truly made me uncomfortable . a lot of talk of black and white which is always a welcome discussion but overall , django unchained will probably not be in my top 10 films of the year . way many better films .
= tarantino could have done better .
< tarantino is a little too hard to be good

> what can one say about address labels ? they stick to the envelopes really good ? well , these ones do.really the only pertinent comment that i can offer is in regard to the size of the individual labels ( see product information for details ) : they are really small ! i liked that nuance from the standpoint of getting lots of labels for your money ; however , if you 're a klutz ( like me ) on fine-tuning your printer to get the ink to go where you want it to be on each label , then these sheets can be tricky.i would advise people who do not have software which is specifically devoted to label-making to go for slightly larger individually-sized labels , ( unless you 're one of those folks who demonstrate infinite patience and who can make due with anything , anytime , anywhere ! ) recommended noting the above caveats .
= a decent product but somewhat tricky to use
< small , small , small , small , lots of labels , but small

> i had to stop reading another book when the proposal came out a few days early . i absolutely loved the proposition and could n't wait for the proposal to come out due to the first books ending.i love the characters , especially aiden . but i think the proposal was lacking a bit . the dialogue between the characters was a little cheesey at times , and i was looking for more angst since aiden needed to grovel and suffer more for what he did . even when pesh was introduced i was hoping to feel more from the scenes.all in all , i am glad i read it . i wanted to read about their happily ever after , i was just looking for more emotion to flow through the book as i read it .
= it 's ok
< loved it !

> when it comes to diapers most people are familiar with the name huggies and for a good reason . for decades huggies has had a top reputation as being one of the best brands out their for infant/child diapers and today they are continuing that trend . the huggies little movers diaper is soft , strong and as flexible as your best cloth diaper and extremely absorbent . i have never experienced a leak on long car rides or overnight with my little boy which i has happened on occasion with other brands.plus they come with cute little pictures of baby mickey and minnie mouse . i have tried various brands ranging from all natural to cloth and i keep coming back to huggies i would definitely recommend .
= flexable and great for your little mover and shaker !
< huggies little movers

> what a convulsion of art ! johnny depp is a gagman ! orlando bloom is an ingenious blacksmith/swordfellow ! geoffrey rush is ferocious savage brute ! and keira knightley is the ideal , graceful work of beauty ! not to mention that & quot ; pirates of the caribbean - the curse of the black pearl & quot ; has a multitudinous amount of ships detonating and skeletons dancing around in the moonlight . this disney movie is based on the famous attraction which has scared so many little fools , the movie does the same thing ! my fear penetrated my body all over again and i raised not one hand in shock , but both hands ! aye matey , a fine movie indeed .
= eureka !
< johnny !

> it was suggested that i get my nose out of romance books and read something different . my friend suggested these . oh my gosh- i am hooked.i woke my husband up laughing so hard at parts of this book . the grandmother of stephanie plum is a riot . she says the kinds of things that we all want to say and do n't dare . the main character is kind of a mess at times and yet somehow things seem to work out.if you want an easy to read , funny book ; this is the book to get . if you want something with deap meaning and lots of themes , do n't bother .
= very funny
< i 'm hooked

> i 've had a chance to try a lot of the clear products and this , like the others , works as advertised . my hair was left feeling conditioned and the product was easy to wash off . it was thin enough to penetrate the hair but not so thin that it felt like i was using water alone.there are a lot of hair care deep conditioning products out there . i found this to work as well as the rest , not better or worse . i have thin hair that gets frizzy easily and these conditioners help keep me from looking like a poodle on hot humid days .
= light , works well , nice scent
< works as advertised

> i 'm a big fan of the first three , bu by part 4 it gets old . the first three have a good atmosphere , exceptional acting for a low-budget film , and while not as scary as nightmare on elm street , halloween , and texas chainsaw massacre , this still is a great movie , and it tries not to take itself too seriously . the rest are just entertaining , but this is the one that started it all , and i wish people would stop giving these films such a hard time . watch it alone in the dark , and have a wonderful time .
= the scariest friday the 13th
< great movie , but ...

> i have tried a few aloe drinks out and this one has a light refreshing taste as it is sweetened with cane sugar and stevia . the taste is not too bad i actually started to enjoy it a little after a few sips . i also like that this is pulp free . i like orange juice with pulp but not aloe drinks . overall not sure what aloe does for you but if you are a fan of aloe drinks this should be a must try as it has a good taste .
= light refreshing drink .
< good taste

> my wife is currently pregnant and she is trying to avoid all sorts of chemicals . she really likes this product because it is non greasy and seems to work well . if it is gentle enough for a baby , we figure it is perfect for a mother expecting . it has no perfumes or dyes . it is a bit pricey , but then again cotz makes good products . any body of any age can use this .
= wife loves it
< great for a baby

> this had as much potential as any tolkien episode , but suffers from intrusive music crammed into every nook and cranny , jarring and fast cinematography , and stagey exaggerated vocal delivery . i prefer a calmer approach to mythology like `` krull '' where the viewer is almost able to forget it 's a movie and really soak in the mood and visuals . jackson constantly announces this is `` action '' with a capital `` a . ''
= overproduced
< a good movie , but not great

> i ca n't say that i 've ever had anything like this . there 's a strong apple taste and smell , but i have no idea of what else . it 's nice and sweet , and the color is pale green , which i prefer to bright , neon colors of kids ' drinks . i realize i 'm not being very helpful , but i 'm at a loss for something to compare appletini to !
= interesting ...
< i 'm not sure i 've ever had anything like this .

> i love geidon 's and eva 's story . there were many times that i wanted to skip ahead to get past the uncomfortable parts as well as wanting to wring geidon 's neck . but ... at the end it was worth the it and now that i think back to the rest of the story it all falls into place . can hardly wait for the next book to come out .
= loved it - can hardly wait for rest of story
< good story

> i 've been using bounce dryer sheets for years . the bounce dryer bar works just as well without having to put in sheet after sheet , which i 'd forget to do a lot . the fresh linen fragrance is subtle . i use dryer balls too that help separate the clothes so drying is faster . give bounce dryer bar a try if you 're tired of sheets .
= better than dryer sheets
< works well

> cute minnie and mickey mouse design , has wetness diaper indicator ( which is very faint ) , but since we change our little one 's diapers every 3-4 hours it does n't really matter.holds up my little one 's pee well over 12 hours - but only because we use one size up when we put her to bed at night . no leaks till far .
= keeps my little one dry
< cute and effective

> these labels work nice and stick well . they are a little small for using on a large box though . i would say these work for small to medium sized boxes , but anything larger and the label kind of gets lost on the box . these also work well for large envelopes .
= work fine , but a little small for big boxes .
< nice labels

> i loved that we were given both cage and dirty 's stories ! ! ! and dirty 's issues came out of left field and how he dealt with them was quite disturbing . regardless , i love this series and ca n't wait for more ! !
= best in the series so far ! ! !
< cage and dirty 's story

> interesting and disturbing , especially if you have kids ... .i really liked it and will probably try another of his books . i do n't want to give anything away , but you never know ... .
= very good , but very disturbing ... .
< interesting

> this book drew me in from the very beginning . it was a good plot line and kept me interested and turning pages . i ca n't wait till the 2nd part comes out .
= a really good story
< good read

> a lot of movies are so bad they will not be around in years to comehowever this movie will still be around for future generations to watch ! need i say more ?
= destined to be a cult classic
< the movie is so bad

> it is super sticky and reusable , far better than the typical sticky notes . i use these to label my aromatherapy bottles and they stay on !
= love it !
< sticky and sticky

> fantastic , creative , fantasy for young adult readers . i 'd recommend the whole chronicles of narnia series to read and reread .
= fantastic and creative
< fantastic

> this work remains by far among the loftiest of the whole collection of the liverpool ' s boys ( and perhaps the best of all them ) . if you analyze carefully , this album finds beatles in a colossal leap , an undeniable musical progress.starting by the lyrics , the conciseness of the themes , its various motives , the full sense of inspiration and happy mood of all the ensemble.here comes the sun is a gentle summer breeze , stylized and filled of inspiration all the way.what can it be said from oh darling ? . a true tour de force , with a vibrating guitar and ravishing approach to the `` white blues '' , a surpassed test thinking about the genial voice of the bad white guy of the blues ; his majesty : eric burdon.something is one the finest and sublime ballads written anytime.come together is an amazing track . the originality and innovative freshness , the blended cross between the different instruments and the assertive vocal support makes of this theme one of the best of the group.because , is to my mind , one the most complete and mature songs of the beatles . its formal construction , is much more complicated than yesterday ; perhaps it ' s not so easy going song as this last one , but its strong autumnal character is a farewell hymn for the future . all the world knew about the intense problems lived by all of them , at least that was my reading when i listened this historic record in the early seventies.in last instance , the whole work has not aged a bit . it contains that genius touch , so typical of the great albums : that invisible difference that makes the difference.long long life , abbey road ! pd . it is not a mere casualty this is the best seller album in amazon ( check the ranking sale )
= a king album !
< the best of the year

> loving the hottie on the cover ! ! ! river i loved that boy , `` with all this talk about who was staring at whom i think we forgot the basics , i 'm river . '' river is someone who you ca n't help but love , `` river circles the table and sits next to me . this move surprises me and makes me lose my train of thought . '' and he 's also very distracting . he knows what to say to make a girl feel special , `` could we do the interview thing tomorrow because you 're looking far too sexy for me to concentrate on anything other than you . '' i mean he really knows what to say to make a girl feel special , `` dahlia , i want you . i want to kiss you , touch you , make you come over and over again . i 've never wanted anyone as much as i want you . '' he 's a caring guy , `` baby do n't cry , i promise i 'll fix this for you . everything will be alright . '' i 'm loving the parts in river 's point of view i love getting inside a mind of a man , it 's much more entertaining , `` that 's okay . if you 're late because of this dress , '' i say running my hands down the side of her body , `` i definitely forgive you . you look so hot . '' he 's protective ( might have already said that one haha ) `` everything 's okay now , baby . and i promise i 'll never let anyone hurt you ever again . '' not sure if i liked the ending , but i guess we 'll find out what happens in the next book .
= river
< river is a hottie

> size : looks like quite a sizeable diet bar in the depiction but the actual size of the bar is smaller than its appearance in the ad . the length is 3 1/4 '' x a width of 1 1/4 '' . it has a 1/2 '' thickness . the weight of a bar is 1.23 oz . i am not implying that a diet bar should be larger but just that a bit of truth in advertising may be appropriate , imho.cost : the listed price is $ 27.36 for 8 boxes of 5 bars per box . prime members get free shipping which makes the cost 68.4 cents per bar . i do n't know if this item is covered by the amazon $ 25.00 free shipping but any shipping charges would of course up the bar price.taste : as a confirmed chocoholic i can state with no reservations that this is the worst tasting chocolate ever produced . in all seriousness the taste of the bar wrapper is far superior than the taste of the bar . i had to take a number of swigs of listerine mouthwash to clear away the horrible taste.nutrition : this `` diet '' bar has an incredibly high calorie count of 120 with 30 calories from fat . in the spirit of fairness and to its credit it has a modest 100mg of sodium.i requested this item from the vine program because of the lure of the `` dark chocolate '' . however , the terrible taste allowed me to sample just a portion of one bar . as a result of my experience with this product i would not personally purchase any of these bars . bad taste , high calorie count .
= blah
< bad taste , terrible taste

> i 've been fascinated with this movie ever since it came out . this movie being a revenge plot is very pulpy . plus the actors are all quite up to that task . they all go about chewing up the scenery , which fits quite nicely into the film as its set up . thurma takes the lead as the bride with much vigor and attitude because the bride is pissed.there are several film genres here and the best is the back story on lucy liu 's character when the film switches to japanese anime to set up the audience for the second half of the film which takes place in japan . the dialogue is classier in this half of the film only between thurman and liu . instead of using the f-word ( as tarantino is want to do in his films ) , they shoot more witty barbs at each other as if there was once great respect between them . this sets up a scene at the end of their fight that is actually touching and makes the bride human instead of just a killing machine.towards the end the film it sets up for kill bill volume two . that being said , tarantino has provided viewers a film that is a dazzling combination of action and visuals that will delight some and frustrate others who are looking for more depth . the film shows that tarantino is a talented and visionary filmmaker who is the master of mixing action , quirky characters , over the top action , and twisted humor to create a symphony of theatrical originality . highly recommend for those who can handle it .
= do n't mess with uma
< a great revenge plot

> pixar and disney have made a film that is truly visually appealing . in this movie we follow remy the rat who has a unique nose for food . it is so sensitive that he can even detect when the food contains rat poison . his sense of smell leads him to a world of flavors and a love of great food . though his family looks at any scraps as just energy to fuel the body , remy has other ideas . so ignoring his father 's advice he sets out to fulfill his dream of experiencing great food . once he finds out he is actually living below paris , he decides he must become a chef and fulfill his greater desire of creating great food . and it just so happens that he is living beneath the restaurant of his culinary hero , augusted gusteau . remy quickly forms a bond with the garbage boy , linguini . this leads to an adventure that has a story line that is worth watching . like an old disney movie we have a real storyline where we follow our little hero as he learns about what is important in life ; family , friendship and striving to be the best you can at what ever you try . you also actually learn what it is like to work in a kitchen of a restaurant and the role that food critics play . this is a movie for those of all ages .
= a film for the whole family
< a movie for those of all ages

> if you like to be scared , i mean really scared , get set to enjoy the others . lovely nicole kidman stars as grace , the nervous and rigid mother of charles and anne , who are so allergic to light that their home must be kept in darkness . although wwii has ended , grace 's husband has not yet come home , and she is just about at her wit 's end , trying to cope with the children and the big , dark , isolated house . suddenly , three decidedly odd and grave-looking servants arrive to join the household . and then anne claims she has seen a ghost in the house , and his name is victor.there is so much tension in every step that grace takes while searching for victor in that spooky house , that you will be on the edge of your seat , and the icy-cold music increases the chills . kidman , in her best role to date , gives a remarkable performance , painting a portrait of fear , then horror , and madness . the children are both suitably creepy and fionnula flanagan , as the housekeeper , is a wonderful mix of kindly servant and terrifying specter . this is a truly well-written film with a clever twist at the end that will surprise you . if you like suspense and horror without violence and gore , you 'll enjoy the others .
= `` this house is ours ... this house is ours ... ''
< a clever twist

> this is probably an ok product for a first french press coffee maker , or one where it will get light usage . but it just feels `` flimsy '' to me -- the glass carafe is very thin.i ca n't speak to the long-term durability , as i 've only had this for a couple of months and i 've used it probably 2 dozen times , but it seems to be holding up ok. the filter part of the press is looking a little worn , but then i usually take it apart to clean after every use . it makes a decent cup of coffee ( do n't let the `` 6-cup '' designation fool you ; this makes a maximum of about 28 oz of coffee , which is just over 2 standard-sized mugs ) , once you figure out how coarse/fine the grind needs to be.i like the flat-topped plunger -- i have two other french presses , one with a `` ball '' -style plunger , the other with a small knob , and this one is definitely easier on the hand.if you 're looking for a small french press to try out the idea of french press coffee , this might be a good economical choice . but if you 're looking for something to handle daily heavy usage , you might want to spend a few more $ $ and get something larger and more substantial/sturdy .
= just ok ...
< not for me

> i have had this book for months and months- shuffled it around in book stacks and finally threw it under the bed . the title was intriguing but i am most assuredly not a lover of personified dogs . and i knew this book was all about that.lacking a good read , purely desperation , i pulled the book out from under my bed and began reading very , very fearful of the sappiness factor.yup , then i could not put it down . i would n't call it sappy so much as charming.and seriously , i have zero interest in race car drivers and their fast cars . zero . and that 's the other subject that is extensively written about in this story.enzo lives with denny who absolutely adores him and tells this mixed breed dog all his heart . one day denny meets eve and enzo is suspicious that his beautiful life is about to be ruined by this woman whom denny is crazy about . eve and enzo are not initially keen on one another . but life changes and eve becomes dependent on enzo and enzo is lovingly faithful to eve.there is a reason a book told through the mind of a dog received thousands of positive reviews . it is that good .
= i reluctantly loved this book
< i am most assuredly

> i absolutely loved this book ! it had my favorite type of alpha male , one that is a giant teddy bear on the inside , that can burn up the sheets ! jonah is a cage fighter in las vegas that does n't really believe in love , he gets what he wants from a chick and sends her packing . raven is a little girl lost , having the worst upbringing possible and future planned out by her father to boot . these two meet as raven is as the mechanic to help jonah fix up one of his classic cars.instantly smitten , but it is sad because both characters have heartache in their pasts and have built walls around their hearts . i think jonah is the sweetest tough-guy with just enough alpha male mixed in , as he is n't annoyingly possessive , more protective of raven.as raven 's future starts to surface , these two have to make life changing decisions , crossing their fingers hoping for the best.i realize some of the story is a little far-fetched , but these books are written for entertainment and that is exactly how i take them . i really enjoyed the different plot and outcome of this story .
= sad , sweet and sexy !
< jonah is the best !

> i like spray on sunscreens better than the lotions because of the ease and convenience . they do tend to cost more , and they do tend to run out sooner but this is just the trade off for the perks . all spray sunscreens are like this , even this brand.this brand is on par with all other brands of spray on sunscreens i have tried . good coverage , no greasy feel , great protection exactly what you 'd expect from this kind of product.you would probably not want to use this on a small child because it can get irritating if it gets in the eyes . what i do to put it on the face is spray a little on my hand then quickly rub on my face before it dries because it dries really fast.but i do like the fact that with this product i can spray my own back and do n't need anyone else 's assistance - and that it does n't take so long to get all sunscreened up . just a couple seconds and your done with no greasy feeling . that is worth the added cost to me .
= a good sunscreen , i love the sprays over the lotion .
< good protection , but not for me

> this movie is just regurgitated garbage from speilberg and lucas . it like its lead actor is a tire old worn out mess . and what do they do to spruce up this old hag of a movie ? why they throw in a young sidekick ! and who better than to play it but mrs. speilberg herself shia 'i am not really good looking , not really talented , and not really anything special ... except to stephen ) lebeouf ! yipeee ! save your money and rent 1 or 3 and if you want to prove how bad this pile of dung is watch 2 it is even better than this.harrison ford ? retire please . you are worn out and you have n't done anything origional or even good in years . lucas ? keep sitting on your big pile of money and keep producing the same two movies over and over and over . speilberg ? take your girlfriend and get on death star and go to dantooeen forever . this movie is a bloated old worn out mess .
= regurgitated garbage ... with a sidekick !
< just regurgitated

> taste is a personal thing . i really did not like these crackers , but apparently lots of other people love them . all i can do is explain why i did n't like them.normally i like garlic and i like parmesan cheese , and i like them combined . but the flavor of these crackers completely turned me off . i do n't know if the balance of the flavors was n't right for me or if the garlic or parmesan had a funny taste , but i did n't even want to finish my first cracker . i tried them again later to see if anything changed , but i still did n't like them.in addition to the flavor , i did n't like the texture . they are thick and hard and i did n't like chewing them . leaving nearly all of a bag of crackers uneaten is rare for me , but i had no desire to finish them .
= i really really really did n't like these crackers
< not bad , but not great

> it finally got sunny enough here in the rainy pacific northwest for me to shed my winter coat and sit in the sun by the pool . every summer , especially at the beginning of the season , i experience a sun allergy called polymorphic light eruption . it is a rash that i get when i am first exposed to the summer sun . i sprayed banana boat sport cool zone sunscreen on my body before going in the sun . it felt cool and refreshing and after sitting in the sun for 4 hours i did not experience one sun rash or bump . not many sunscreens have been that effective for me , so i give banana boat my highest endorsement . in addition to its effectiveness it also had an extremely pleasant summer scent that reminded me of my younger days and fun summers at the beach . you ca n't go wrong with banana boat cool zone .
= like a cool breeze
< finally got sunny enough !

> nora certainly has put on a perfect mask to hide who she really is . once things start to unravel i could n't help but feel utterly heart broken for nora . nora is a strong brave girl and it 's wonderful to read how she steers her life in a direction she can truly be happy in . sparks fly between nora and leo with just a look . something brews between them but leo refuses to let it happen . nora continually lays her cards out to him to just have him throw them back at her hurting them both in the process . nora has to find a way to let go of leo and move on since he does n't want her . a few hot steamy scenes . could n't put it down.fabulous ending !
= fantastic book !
< hot , hot , hot !

> i found this to book to be a very compelling look at the choices people make and the affects on those surrounding them . as others have mentioned , the writing is n't amazing but i think the author does a good job of portraying the characters , particularly of tom . i think tom is an interesting character and the author does a good job of expressing the conflict he clearly feels about the decisions he has made . i thought this was a good read -- towards the end i definitely teared up -- and would recommend it to any one looking for a solid read that has a bit more to it than your average summer reading but is n't so dense you dread picking it up .
= gray area of right and wrong
< compelling

> my twins quickly gobbled this up in a relatively short time . it 's a wonderful mix of vegetables and fruit that had my babies eager for me . the only issue i had was the packaging . i did n't quite understand it . were they supposed to feed directly from the package ? they did n't seem to like that , so i squeezed it out into something else to spoon feed . this was the only drawback because then it 's not really portable if you have to squeeze it out prior to serving . not to mention you are probably loosing some of that yummy goodness by not be able to get all of it out of the packaging .
= the babies gobbled all this up quickly .
< great for a short time

> this is one book ( trilogy ) that i will go back and re-read because it is just that good ! good does n't even fully describe it , it is effing amazing ! ! ! i absolutely love hudson ! ! it was nice to see that by the end of this book there was character growth for both hudson and alayna . each have their own issues but being together really seemed to & # 34 ; fix & # 34 ; both of them - there was n't something so right about them being together . laurelin paige did an amazing job writing this trilogy and i look forward to reading more of her work in the future ! !
= love love love hudson
< love hudson ! ! !

> this time , john connor [ nick stahl ] who 's 22 , disconnects himself from society so that skynet wo n't try to strike at him again . however , as soon as he thinks his problems are over , skynet sends a gorgeous killing machine to track him down . and it 's up to the t-101 [ arnold scwarzenegger ] to save him . filled with fantastic special effects and stunts . though he 's over 50 years old , arnold proves that he can still play the terminator to profession . this is one of the best action movies i 've seen this year . a must for anyone who liked the first two terminator movies .
= the terminator 's finally back !
< the best action movies i 've seen this year

> seventh generation liquid laundry , 4x , geranium blossom and vanilla . this laundry detergent smells good and gets the laundry clean . this brand is known for being `` natural '' . i love this detergent , as it does its job really well.it also comes in `` free and clear '' , and i tried that variety as well ; it is also very good and gets the clothes clean.lucky me . this detergent is so wonderful , and i love it.i 've used products before of this brand ; they are all really wonderful and good for the environment . what else could you ask for ? highly recommended , for the reasons mentioned .
= geranium blossom and vanilla liquid laundry detergent
< great detergent

> star wars episode ii : attack of the clones has a good mixture of action , drama and romance . i never fully understood how someone could hate this movie , indeed it is a little slow moving , but no where near to horrible.there are some incredible action sequences in this film , especially the big battle in the arena towards the end of the film . we see the slow turning of anakin to the dark side in this film as it begins . anakin 's story is a tragic one and you ca n't really help but to feel sorry for him.great movie with great music , i really do enjoy this film .
= a little slow , but still good
< star wars episode ii : attack of the clones

> this was a great project for my son and i. the little pods were fun and easy to use . we planted everything indie by a sunny window in planter boxes . my son enjoyed opening them up and putting them in the soil . he liked that even after they were planted he could tell where the pods were and knew where to watch for sprouts . it has been a few weeks and things are really starting to grow , even indoors ! while i do not think this is a kit for a serious gardner , it is great for a newbie or an experimenter .
= excellent for newbies !
< fun for a newbie or an experimenter

> as soon as i left the theater after seeing serenity , i headed over to the store to pick up the firefly dvd set . what an amazing show that is even better than the movie . the characters and fresh dialogue make this show good for those who are not really into sci-fi as well . firefly needs to come back soon , so hopefully sci-fi channel will pick it up and air it before battlestar gallactica . what a shame this show was n't given the proper chance to expand its intersting universe over multiple seasons .
= serenity made me a fan
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i received this router via the vine program . this router is a very standard dual-band router that seems to set up in a straightforward manner and functions very well . nowadays the best home routers have the dual-band capability that this one features -- 5.0 ghz for media and other heavy-duty purposes and 2.4ghz for routine email and web browsing . this one evaluates as a very good router that is easy to set up and use , and does the job . rjb .
= good dual band router
< very good router

> brilliant , creepy horror from kubrick , with mesmerizing camera work and bizarre , arresting set pieces . nicholson is a marvel to watch as his character evolves from a slightly odd but functioning adult to raving psychopath . scatman crothers is also memorable as the hotel 's only other resident . based on stephen king 's book , the film has kubrick 's slightly twisted genius all over it . look for those wild tracking shots as danny rides his tricycle indoors .
= the shining
< kubrick 's best

> personally , i like a `` regular '' granola bar much better . this does n't look appetizing . . .and quite frankly , it does n't taste all that good . perhaps this is just too `` sophisticated '' for me . it sounds so good , but it 's just kind of `` yucky '' in your mouth and you want to swallow as soon as possible .
= not what i was expecting
< not bad , but not great

> loved this book and i will be impatiently waiting for book three to come out ! i already have it preordered ! i love the growth nikki has gone through and the strength she finds in herself . now for damien what woman would n't want this damaged hero for her very own .
= mr. stark !
< loved it !

> the bottom line : coupling a dead fish of a romance with a complete anti-climax of a superhero movie , spider-man 2 fails in almost every conceivable way ; put it this way , it 's never a good sign when your villain is five times more likable and sympathetic as your superhero .
= 1.5 stars out of 4
< 3 stars out of 4

> we enjoy mio 's for our bottled water , but this flavor is just off . maybe we do n't appreciate tea enough , but like other reviews have said , we did n't like it . mio itself though is great and we do buy them from the grocery store .
= great product , poor flavor
< just off

> i enjoy the story poor nix went through a tough times , i am so glad emily is there now to help him through . and i love that i get to still read about danny and ryan , new addition always bring family today and tight that bond .
= good story
< great story

> i loved this book and found it an easy read . i think that bradley had just enough humor but also twists and turns to make readers keep turning the pages to find out what was going on . great summer read !
= a sweet bit of quirky mystery
< great read

> a perfect continuation of claire , carter and gavin 's story . sexy and funny . you will laugh through the end . super relatable characters . you will not be able to put it down !
= a great sequel !
< great continuation of claire 's story

> hopeless had me from the start . by far best first kiss scene in a book ever ! you will fall in love with sky & holder before your half way through !
= hopeless
< loved it !

> you wo n't find any film schools showing this flick , but you will find lots of regular people enjoying it when they sit down to watch . liam neeson is in typical liam form ( at least post-schindler form ) , the villains are ugly thugs , and the women are both ( no , wait ... there is a 3rd woman ... she appears twice for a total of about 24 seconds ) attractive . there is plenty of action , and a super-simple story line that drives this 90+ minute film along with nary a wasted camera shot.this movie is a lot of fun , but it is absolutely ridiculous . i laughed as i left the theater because of how bad some of the movie is:1 ) liam neeson 's hand-to-hand fighting skills must have atrophied a lot , because every time he is in a fight with a thug ( did i mention they were all ugly ? ) the director uses about 6 camera angles to film the fight , and uses editing so choppy that you ca n't tell what anyone involved in the fight is doing.2 ) maggie grace is playing the high-school aged daughter of liam ! she looks like she 's about 30 here , and her bad hair-dye is matched only by her too-brief nude scene ( back only , no butt ) .3 ) spoiler here : the mom is like a character out of the old monty python sketch..she is 'not quite dead ' about five times in the flick . and every time she 's 'not quite dead ' all liam has to do to make her better is pat her back . it 's so funny , that the audience was cracking up the 3rd time it happened.overall , this was a fun night at the movies . i loved how cheesy the movie was , and had a great time .
= dumb fun : ridiculous movie provides lots of entertainment
< a fun night at the movies

> the ultimate chick flick series has come to an end . the moody bella , smells good to both vampires and werewolves . she gets to live forever with the man she loves , hunt puma in a slit dress , and have a special child that she only has to raise for seven years . the child is both edward 's and jacob 's ( my cat has litters that way . ) and maybe the producer 's kid too . bella has her ultimate chick moment when she arm wrestles a guy and wins , then uses her special power and becomes a real head turner.the highlight for me was when the cullens sat kristen stewart down and gave her acting lessons . yes i was howling at that point , yelling `` facial expressions ! '' at the screen . what we found out is that italian vampires are the bad guys . eastern european vampires still have bad accents and irish vampires eat british tourist . i did n't recognize dakota fanning ( jane ) in this until after the credit roll . i need to get out more.similar to the harry potter series , people who do n't read the books sense there are plot points missing or glossed over . i know i did . i had to have my niece once again rescue me with the details . let me say again , this is a chick flick with a fight scene thrown in at the end for the guys . not as emotional or `` gushy '' as first and fourth films . better than the second film , but then what wasn't.parental guide : no f-bombs or nudity . one vampire sex scene .
= i have to report a crime
< the ultimate chick flick

> this is my third pair of earbuds . i have a pair from jbudd and another from panasonic . this is definitely the most expensive of the three pairs . it has the best design but i am less sure about the comfort and fit for my ears . sound quality is similar or maybe a bit better than the other 2 sets.likes- the case that integrates the headset is the bomb ! you just push the earbuds into the 2 holes ( the two circles in the picture ) and wind the wires around the case . ( the case is split around the waist but you ca n't really see it in the picture . ) i just love how compact it feels ... a little pebble in my pocket . it is far smaller than the typical earbud case.- mic for talking and stopping the music . this is a nifty feature , you can now talk on your iphone with the headphones on . also , it is quite nice to be able to stop the music without needing to access the device . you just need to press the button on the mic.dislike- this set of earbuds is supposed to minimize ambient noise for a better listening experience . the earbuds provide such tight seals that i feel the compressed air pressure when i have them on ( like the pressure you feel when ascending or descending on the plane ) . i try using the smallest ear tips and they still did not help.i love the design and the innovative case . i am just not sure that i would want to wear these earbuds for long stretches as the pressure in my ears is uncomfortable .
= great design concept but not sure whether i like the fit
< great earbuds for the price

> i had a problem with my radishes being eaten by peter cottontail . i caught him 2-3 mornings in a row . i put this out and he 's still eating my radishes . i used more . i have maybe 6 radishes left . ( i had tried to get a row to go to seed because i wanted the seeds more than the radishes . ) so it was no help at all with mr. cottontail . i 've got a trap now , and it has n't worked either . maybe he is just a smart rabbit.but my cucumbers are directly behind my radishes , and i let my chickens out once a day and usually they try to go over and nibble my vines and we have to redirect them . they have not been at all interested in my cucumbers since i put out the critter ridder . it seems to work on chickens.i have a feral cat that gets over there a lot . i think he 's stalking the rabbit . it has not deterred him.i have n't had trouble with deer there.so , i think it might or might not work , depending on your critter . deer netting is something i 've used in the past , and it seems cheaper and more effective . i ended up potting some of the radishes and moving them into the greenhouse so i could make sure to get my seeds .
= some help , some not
< works on my cucumbers

> if you did n't like the matrix , you might skip this one . dicaprio is man who is an expert at entering dreams and extracting information for corporate espionage . he has a problem in that there is a price on his head . he is a wanted man . a japanese business man wants dicaprio to enter the mind of a competitor and place an idea in his head to break up his empire . in exchange dicaprio ( dom cobb ) would be allowed to go home to his family . cobb first gets an architect ( ellen page ) who can design a complex location , such as a dungeon master creating the stage . he then must assemble a team of people with different skills to navigate through the dream world.the beginning of the movie is a bit confusing as you do n't know what is real and what is a dream . however this shortly clears up . dom cobb has a lot of issues concerning his past life and dreamworld which jeopardizes the mission . his dead wife keeps showing up to foil his plans and he just has n't the heart to kill her . the dreamworld works like a narcotic . once you go into it , reality becomes boring . this movie is more brilliant in its complexity and script than it is in entertainment , but it worked for me .
= matrix light
< a bit confusing

> & quot ; black hawk down & quot ; is about an american siege of the somalian city of mogadishu in october 1993. u.s. rangers in black hawks were assigned to capture key lieutenants of somali warlord muhammad farrah aidid , but two of the helicopters were brought down . from there on , the movie was about the survival of the chopper 's men on mogadishu streets . no character development , nobody to care about . josh hartnett 's face is all over the cover and he 's hardly in the movie . ridley scott is on a downward streak after the horrible & quot ; hannibal. & quot ; there is so much chaos going on in this movie and dudes in hawaiian shirts jumping from alley ways shooting at anything . bullets flied all over the place not harming anyone . i was cheering when the movie was finally over . there always has to be little kids running in slow motion with the soldiers ? just like & quot ; the thin red line , & quot ; another boring war movie . the book is a lot better , written by mark bowden . this true story deserves better . if i wanted to see this much lunacy , i would have gone to a swap meet .
= 'black hawk way down '
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i had the opportunity to try both the cherry cashew and the wild blueberry flavors . this flavor gets an extra star for the taste.while i still feel that those enjoying a raw food lifestyle would be better off making their own snack bars ... this flavor might find its way into my shopping basket on a regular basis.here is my reveiw fromt the cherry cashew flavor : i love that this bar is made from raw foods ! ! i 've been trying to incorporate raw foods into half of my diet . for this , the bar earns 5 stars.the taste takes some of this away . i 've prepared raw foods . i 've sampled many raw foods prepared by others . i know they can taste awesome . the taste of this bar was just meh . not offensive . not drool-worthy . just meh.otherwise an excellent source of nutrients . maybe i 'd buy it if it were on sale & i was in immediate need of such snack . otherwise i 'm better off with my home-prepared raw snacks . good attempt though and it 's far healthier than many of the snack bars on the market .
= i finally found `` my flavor ''
< excellent taste , but not offensive

> oxo made most of the kitchen accessories i 've purchased ( for myself and as gifts ) in the last several years , because they can be relied on to carefully design a superior product.these cups are sturdy and stainless steel , which does n't pit and become discolored ( and create concerns about what metal is ending up in food ) like aluminum ones do . unlike other stainless cups i 've had , the cup and handle are all one piece , so they wo n't fall apart ( as others have ! ) at the worst possible time.the rubberized handles allow the cook to hold the cup securely for measuring and pouring even if her hands are wet ( mine often are , as a compulsive hand-washer ) .there are two down-sides : they do take up a lot of room , and they 're not cheap . since , if you cook/bake regularly and use a dishwasher for clean-up , you 're likely to need a few sets , they can get expensive at $ 20 . per set . but well worth it .
= the measuring cup , perfected
< sturdy and sturdy

> the animation in this film is incredible , it 's so vivid , especially in hi-def . the film 's story is cute and uplifting , without being totally predictable . remy is fine protagonist , he is likeable , albeit not exactly cuddly , but you root for him the entire way . i really didnt like the boy that play 's his human friend , if you can call him that . i was surprised at how much i dislike him and even at the end , i was not pleased to see things had turned out well for him , odd for a movie of this kind . one odd thing , that really bothered me was how very few of these supposed `` french '' characters , bothered with actually having french accents . the hero is a french rat , with a sort of generic american accent , it seemed so bizarre . overall , a very good movie with fantastic animation , not as good as the perfect , incredible 's , but close .
= a french rats tale
< a very good movie

> 3m permanent adhesive shipping labels2 x 4 inches white , laser , model 3100-s -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -it was the word `` permanent '' that attracted me to these labels -- i mail a lot of stuff , addressing the labels both by hand and by printing them out , and i 'm always leery about how well they will hold up in transit , particularly for any packages made of cardboard or rough paper material . these 3m labels seem pretty durable and strongly adhesive -- i also like the margins between each label , which make them easier to peel apart and less likely to get stuck together as the sheets are stored for long periods of time . they work well with standard computer templates , and are also handy for handwritten addresses as well.a good , solid office product !
= good , high-quality laser labels
< good shipping product !

> i am a die-hard fan of the series firefly . i watched every episode when it ran on tv and purchased the dvd set . so you can imagine my excitement when i discovered that they were making a movie . i am pleased that they didn & # 8217 ; t cheapen the sets and just try to capitalize on the fan base to make a profit . instead the ship and crew all looked the same as in the series and had the same spark/chemistry between each other . i really liked the movie.don & # 8217 ; t worry about getting lost in the show & # 8217 ; s history if you never watched the series . they did a quick rehash of where the doctor and river came from etc . to get you up to speed on the story-line.if you want to be entertained , watch the movie and all of the out-takes and commentary that comes with it .
= thanks for the memories
< a great movie

> sue monk kidd 's the secret life of bees is a sweet story an engaging little read that does n't quite make it to greatness . the novel concerns lily owen a young teenage girl in a southern town in 1964. her mother died years ago under circumstances lily barely remembers and her father is somewhat lacking in empathetic parenting skills . lily and her black babysitter , rosaleen , escape from their small town in search of the truth behind lily 's mother 's life . they wind up in tiburon , south carolina , living with three black sisters who keep bees where lily ultimately learns the truth about her mother . the novel is reminiscent , somewhat , of to kill a mockingbird , the divine secrets of the ya ya sisterhood , among others . there are no surprises here , nothing that makes it stand out . still it is a pleasurable gentle read that i think most will enjoy .
= sweet
< sweet story of a ya ya sisterhood

> king at his best ! this novel places a sampling of humanity , with all of its strengths and weaknesses , under glass - actually . the good folks rise up and become better and the bad become unable to contain the evil that lives within them . this is a great morality play placing the reader in the position of voyeur - unfortunately for the citizenry of the town , not the only ones watching.i wish that king would revisit this books starting point from many years ago called the cannibals . it takes place in one of those old 70 's adult-no pets apartment complexes with the premise being that one day you could n't get out . there are about 120 pages available on the web and after reading the dome it would be fun to see the route king traveled from one to the other ... bg
= we 've met the enemy and he is us .
< king at his best !

> i got into herbal teas a few years ago and went crazy , trying many different flavors . i eventually realized that there were two general classes of teas : those padded with hibiscus and rose hips , and those more pure ( less flowery ) in flavor . lipton blackberry vanilla falls into the former category , with an immediate taste and fragrance of rose . if you drink herbal teas , you likely already know if this is a good or bad thing to you . otherwise , the color is dark and beautiful , and the blackberry flavor is pronounced and good . the vanilla is appropriately subtle.whether sweetened or straight , i found this tea very pleasant and soothing . if you do n't mind eating a bouquet , it will likely please you too .
= good blackberry , a bit flowery
< a soothing tea

> the first thing i noticed about this deep conditioning treatment was the smell . i think this tends to be an under appreciated element to a good conditioner as it always helps to be reminded of a great product throughout the day.the conditioner works great . it is n't a restorative deep conditioner , but it will make your hair feel much softer compared to regular conditioners . i really liked how i did n't have to use very much of it . the bottle is larger than most deep conditioning treatments , but the cost does n't go up.this conditioner is a tremendous value . ir wo n't solve all your conditioning problems , but it 's a great conditioner to throw into the mix whenever you need to make your hair a little softer .
= great deep conditioning treatment
< great conditioner for the price

> protecting the screen of a device where you will touch the screen seems like a great idea . the shield fit the kindle fire perfectly , and the card provided to smooth out bubbles got some of the larger ones . unfortunately , any teeny-tiny , itty-bitty smidge of dust will cause a bubble that can not be smoothed . every time i would lift the screen to use the `` tape trick '' to remove a dot of dust , i would get other dots . very frustrating . perhaps if you can apply the shields in a dust-free , sterile environment ( as i 'll bet the developers did ) , this would be a great product . for a normal house , plan to live with at least a few dust dots .
= impossible to get rid of all the dust !
< frustrating

> for the money , i think clear products are the best on the market . i love the daily conditioner , and i had high hopes for the deep nourishing treatment mask . it did not disappoint.the first time i used it , i left it on the full three minutes . my hair felt thicker and smoother , but seemed to get dirty faster . my hair is very long and very fine , and heavy products weigh it down.the solution for me is to leave the clear mask on for a couple of minutes and then rinse it out . that provides most of the benefits of the three minutes without the weight.i highly recommend clear products . and did i mention the wonderful fragrance ?
= heavenly fragrance
< great fragrance , but not the best

> i 'm not a fan of these . these are not air tight , so things do not stay as fresh , thought probably fresh enough for a child 's lunch . my biggest complaint is that it needs to be washed between each use . so why not get a standard sturdy resealable sipper bag and wash after each use , if one is concerned about the environment . these are 4.95 , so simply reusing a normal resealable plastic bag is so much more economical . i guess if you want to get about 20 of these and throw them in the dirty clothes , well okay -- but that 's $ 100 worth of bags . save your money and reuse normal bags .
= limited usefulness
< not a fan

> very delicious ! i love strong coffee and cold coffee drinks . if you do , you 'll enjoy this one . these are small cans and perfect for keeping in the fridge and packing with your lunch or travel . drinking one in the afternoon helps give me a little boost when i 'm starting to drag , like after lunch . they are not too sweet and , when i 'm home , i like to pour a can of coffee drink over some ice . at thanksgiving time , i blended just a titch of whiskey with it ... wonderful .
= illy issimo cappaccino
< delicious !

> this router was fairly easy to set up . it comes with a quick installation guide which made the installation process pretty much painless.this router has two usb ports , 4 lan ports ( so you can connect up to 4 computers ) and one wan port . it has 3 antennas . an ethernet cable is included.i have great speed and great range with this router . overall , this is a great router and i would recommend it to anyone who needs one .
= great router
< great router

> i drank this for breakfast as i was a little hungry and do not usually eat any breakfast , just one or two cups of tea . well ... .. it 's been an hour and now i 'm hungry and i 'll go drink my tea . this did nothing except make me feel hungry . it did taste good but was a waste of time and calories to even drink it and yes , i drank the entire bottle .
= slimfast creamy milk chocolate ready to drink shakes
< not bad

> wow where to start . what a great book . very different then anything i 've read and wow could n't put this book down . you feel in love with some characters and loathed some characters . story was great and really kept you on yours toes ! ! ca n't wait to start unbeautifully ! ! ! madeline sheehan is a really great author and will dive into more of her books for sure !
= motorcycles , hot men , sketchy behavior ... love it !
< wow ! ! !

> this coffee has wonderful caramel smell , and the vanilla taste is nice and not overwhelming . i use only one small little premeasured creamer thingy in it and i am good to go . very smooth and mellow taste . this does have more caffeine in it than the usual office coffee , so beware of that if you are a little jitter-prone ( like me ! ) .
= smells divine !
< great taste , but not overwhelming

> hot book , hot scenes , great read ! this is the third book in the ross sibling series and it does n't disappoint . it is an enjoyable read.i loved the fact that ghost/seth turned out to have a sensitive , nurturing side and that macy was n't such a stuck up killjoy stuck up bitch as they were initially portrayed in the previous book rock me .
= hot book ! , great read !
< hot book , hot scenes , hot scenes , hot scenes , hot scenes ,

> it was ok to me the story took a little longer than expected to learn about each character history , which happened almost at the end of the book . by the time the book get good it was over , and the little preview i read for the next book do n't really hold my interest , sorry did n't like it much .
= it was ok
< ok

> i 've been taking these for a few weeks . i ca n't say i notice anything , but they did not cause me any ill effects etc . i am easily given stomach problems etc when i take anything , and had no problems here . i do love jarrow formulas and their ingredients are solid .
= based on jarrow ingredients
< works well

> it took me a while but after years of avoidance i finally got on the hogwart 's express and am glad i did . after watching my nine-year old daughter read this in a few days it convinced me to try it . i enjoyed it and look forward to reading the rest of the series .
= i 'm on the hogwart 's express ...
< good read

> this is a must read trilogy ! ! ! hudson pierce is so hot ! ! ! the books have everything you could want in a love story ! it is a must read ! !
= must read
< hudson pierce

> mental illness is not an easy subject to tackle but this author did a brilliant job . great plot . interesting characters . very enjoyable read . ca n't wait for book 2 .
= amazing
< great read

> this was a good read . once i started it i could not stop till i finished . and i will impatiently wait for the next installment .
= wow
< good read

> the books i read . i usually like the new adult type and definetly do n't do paranormal but i have enjoyed this series .
= not typically
< good read

> great movie . really enjoyed all of the suspense and action that this movie was entirely full of . it was good entertainment !
= yes
< great movie

> new gadgets and gizmos for your electronic devices flood the market always claiming they are better than the last . the ieraser claims to erase those fingerprints and smudges and cleans your screen quickly and easily . does it work ? yes . is it easy to use ? yes and no . the ieraser weighs in at 2.5 oz , the plastic grip measures roughly 4 '' x 2-3/4 '' and is about 3/8 '' thick with the cleaning pad roughly measuring 2-1/4 '' x 3-1/2 '' and 1/4 '' thick . this makes for somewhat awkward holding to avoid brushing fingertip across the screen while cleaning.the overall construction is solid , the pad is very soft , and appears to work quite well for cleaning . the package claims the product never needs washing - only brush it off to remove the dust/lint . it does not come with any type of a storage case which could allow dirt to come in contact with it and possibly scratch your screen . i 've been keeping it in the package until i find something to keep it in.is it better than the micro-fiber cloths ? since the ieraser is bulkier , it 's not as portable , does n't get in corners well , and is n't to be washed , so i 'd have to say no . however , it does work and works nicely , especially for a nice flat item such as a tablet where there are no corners .
= does what it claims
< works well , but does it work ?

> i got this for my son , who at 11 is unfortunately too young for it ( i discovered ) . undaunted , i watched it myself and was simply floored at how good it was . batman is personally flawed , and many in the public believe he is a dangerous vigilante . he has a number of secret allies , but one of them submits to bitterness and becomes truly evil . on the other side is the joker , who is amazingly portrayed by heath ledger - a force for chaos , extremely clever , and realistically dangerous as he creates dilemmas for normal people to prove they are capable of evil . as i watched it , i actually suspended my disbelief and completely enjoyed the world that the film creates . this is very very rare for me these days , mostly i watch things for the sake of my kids . but this is a film that adults can enjoy on a different level , with fine acting and even themes to which they might relate . it is comic-book film transition as its best.warmly recommended.note : i got the blu-ray version , and while it is definitely superior to normal dvds , i would not say it is a quantum leap improvement by any means . yes , blu-ray is very nice , but i have decided with this film that i am not prepared to pay a big premium except in very rare instances .
= truly riveting , reaches a whole new level
< a great film

> this is a great first story that could become a series in the world of the 7 kingdoms . katsa is the niece of the king and she is about 18 years old . she has known of her `` grace '' since she was 8 years old and accidentally killed someone whom she felt threatened by . katsa believes her grace is killing . the king of her land of middluns , randa , is always sending her off to not only threaten or kill but to also break bones , cut off , fingers , etc . this has made the lady katsa feared throughout all 7 kingdoms . there are a great many `` gracelings '' who are distinguished by having eyes of two different colors . however , many of the `` graces '' that they have are harmless such as being able to cook well.katsa is a fighter however and when she literally runs into a graceling from lienid , she soon finds that she has met her match.i really loved this book as one of my first from vine . i agree with the reviewer that said it might be for older kids due to some of the very graphic violence and some romance/sexual scenes although overall that is pretty mild.i think this author could easily up this series ( if it is to be one ) to full adult level with just a bit of work.great read and highly recommended.valerie mattesonann arbor , mi
= an excellent first novel ! !
< great first story

> shrek is a fun movie that pokes fun at other fairytales while being a fairytale itself . it 's about a ogar named shrek ( voiced by mike myers ) who rescues a princess ( cameron diaz ) from a dragon . she was expecting a handsome prince but she ... .gets shrek . along with his wisecracking donkey ( eddie murphy ) he 's supposed to deliver the princess to lord farquard ( john lithgow ) so he can get married and be king . anyway along the way shrek falls for the princess and is afraid that she could never love a ogar . the script gives us a clever twist where she 's cursed and becomes ogar at night time . shrek does n't know this though.many call shrek too vulgar but it 's not that bad compared to other movies these days that are so called family films . it has a heart , it 's funny and the voice acting is great . the short 3-d ride/movie from universal studios is just as entertaining and it 's cool that it 's being released on dvd . anyway it starts off where the movie ended . shrek and princess fiona are happily married and are on their honey moon . lord farquard comes back as a ghost looking for revenge . i wish they sold it alone though since i already own shrek by itself .
= a funny and enteraing fairytale
< fun movie

> vampires , demons , and of course witches . many of my favorite things . do n't read into the statement that the book has a resemblance to twilight , there is way too much history in this book to be compared to twilight . the romance is n't as immediate either , it is a bit more realistic in that sense.i like books that have a historical basis entwined with the fictional world , but this one was a bit heavy on the historical bits for me . instead of learning about their history through being there ( as in anne rice 's interview with a vampire ) , we learn their history simply by being told about it . that relates to being bored by those details when nothing is happening but story time.the characters of diana and matthew are so very well written that this pulls the novel back up to being very readable . diana is at times annoying with her reasoning for behaving the way she does and you are never quite sure about matthew 's intention 's , which keeps it intriguing . some of the other characters within the novel make smaller appearances and i hope to see more of them in the rest of the trilogy . if you love historical fiction with a bit of paranormal thrown in , this is the book for you .
= heavy historical mystical read
< a bit heavy on the historical bits

> many years ago i was young and did n't have a lot of experience in the area of tampons . a friend directed me to playtex and from that point on i felt comfortable using them.the top is covered making these much easier insertion , and the plastic glides much easier than the disposable paper.back in the day they compared the way they opened to a flower with the petals opening outward . even before they initiated the layers , these were already the best product around to keep from leaking . today they have multiple layers.the only downside is that the tubes must be disposed of in a receptacle instead of being flushed , but it is a small price to pay for such a nice product.if you are familiar with tss ( disclaimer in the product description ) you should use the minimum size to help your tissues . in this case , this is the `` super '' size and should be saved for heavier days . it also is scented - since tampon protection is internal , there is no odor till it is removed , so it is unnecessary to use scented which are more likely to cause irritation.four stars - one removed because these are scented .
= you do n't need scent ...
< playtex is the best

> i have a great deal of trust in jarrow products and have been taking their products for many years now . i am impressed with magmind , as it apears to be the result of extensive research targeted at brain receptors that serve memory.and since i have the notorious ability to over-over-task , with what appears to be a minor loss of memory due to not being able to keep track of the never ending whirlwind of everything i am ( over- ) doing , i am hoping that magmind will help with my memory issues . of course , slowing down on my part would help too.be that as it may , jarrow 's magmind 's list of ingredients is short , well-thought-out , to the point , and from what i have been reading here -- seems to be effective . i will continue to take it and monitor my mental progress . i take it in the morning -- but i have noticed already that my sleep ability at night has improved . in fact i am very happily surprised that now when i go to bed at night i wake up in the morning instead of several times during the night .
= excellent
< magmind 's list of magmind

> `` cars '' is a slickly-produced , delightful animated movie . the main character is lightning mcqueen , the self-centered , sassy young car whose goal is to displace veteran cars and win the coveted piston cup , the pinnacle of car racing . when he finishes the big race in a dead heat with two other cars , he qualifies for a re-run of the race in california . on his way to the race , mcqueen falls out of his transport van and ends up in the small town of radiator springs on route 66. while he 's there , mcqueen learns what it 's like to work as part of a team and to really care about people . we watched this dvd as three generations , and there was something to appeal to everyone . grandpa and gran were impressed with the rendering of the cars from the 50 's and 60 's , mom and dad loved the story , and the grandkids enjoyed the action and the loveable characters . this is great family entertainment !
= what fun for the whole family !
< `` delightful ''

> this is a very impressive and well-structured cinematic rework of batman 's origins . the cast is first rate . christian bale 's performance is impressive adding a dimension of emotion to the stoic side of the character . hans zimmer and james newton howard 's score for batman begins is mesmerizing and quite moving . there is a lot of pent up emotion , energy and haunting beauty just waiting to explode . this is not your typical batman score established by danny elfman but it maintains an undercurrent of continuous movement and vibrancy and is just overwhelmingly enthralling . it examines a meaningful nature of the character and his motivations augmenting christian bale 's dedicated performance perfectly . the plot is also very solid . when i think of how the origin of jim gordon ( gary oldman ) was interwoven into the film , i was impressed . this batman film succeeds on every level .
= impressive re-introduction of batman
< batman 's performance

> i enjoyed a couple of teas in this collection of strange but innovative vegitable teas , most notably the tomato mint . i would buy a box of this particular tea definitely and drink it ice cold . it tastes like mint tomato soup.the other flavors are oddballs that i would skip . i had been hoping for some refreshing , palate pleasing variety in my usual diet with these but the tastes are just not very good overall , except for the tomato mint tea , which i find amazing.i eat a lot of vegitables and these are like the water left over in the pot after i cook them . not bad at all , but not something i look forward to either . i do appreciate the fact that these are organic , hence the four stars . i probably wont be giving up my beloved green tea for these any time soon .
= the good , the bad , the undrinkable
< strange but not very good

> mikki is a sad soul when we first meet her . crush is a big , handsome man who feels drawn to mikki . as things progress crush realizes he knows mikki- he knows the pain she has gone through . mikki can not figure out why she is so trusting of a stranger . when they figure out whom each other is , crush does not have much time to try and change mikki 's mind about taking her own life . he will not stop her , but he hopes he can give her something to hang on to . it is a heart wrenching , beautiful journey of fate and what it truly means to them . fabulous ending.quote : & # 34 ; you taste like a storm. & # 34 ;
= amazing !
< fabulous

> vine producti like crackers . simple saltines to fancy whole grain dippingcrackers , and cinnamon grahams can often be found in my cupboards.these back to nature apple cinnamon oat grahams are delicious ! they are just sweet enough , but not too sweet . the apple tasteis very apparent , too . i did not expect that from a cracker . thetexture is crunchy and crisp.. not too hard , just right.plain with tea or with a coating of crunchy peanut butter , these are a great treat for any time of the day . i will beadding these to my grocery list from now on.these far surpass anygraham cracker i have tasted . again , delicious ! ! ! do n't beafraid to give them a try .
= ten stars please
< delicious !

> with menopause a woman 's brain often turns to mush ! ! the formula of magmind may be just what is needed with the magnasium to help with a good night 's sleep and less jumpy feelings and stress . the calmer feeling comes after about two weeks taking the supplement as directed and possibly better sleep starts about that time also . i can not say it has helped the cognitive ability any at all but perhaps there is more time needed taking magmind for this positive effect . i got my magmind at amazon and will possibly have to take for more than a month for any ( if ever ) improvement of the working mind . ( jarrow formulas magmind nutritional supplement,90 count )
= mag mind
< magmind is a good product

> magtein is a trademarked product that several companies pay a fee to use , and many will add their own additional ingredients to the capsule . jarrow adds magnesuim . early studies show that the magnesium and the ingredients in magtein ( basically magnesium ) have a potential to aid in cognition , memory , learning and more . studies have shown that brain synapse function increases dramatically when taking the supplement.i take a couple of different products to help my gray matter - vitamin b12 and this and alternate them . not sure if this is the best method , but it works for me .
= quality product , reduces `` fog ''
< works for me

> being pursued by two handsome , loving , and gifted men is not easy on a girl . more so when you care for both of them ... this relentless story continues and it is a non-stop roller coaster of emotions . i am torn between the two heroes - which one should claire pick ? and then at the end , a new `` monkey wrench '' in the story ( cassia leo , you tease ! ) can not wait for the next book.if you enjoyed relentless , you will absolutely adore this book . it just keeps getting better !
= how do you know which love is the forever love ?
< keeps getting better !

> wow ! ! these little apple clusters are so crunchy and tasty ! this would be great for a healthy snack any time of day or night and could actually be breakfast on the run . the apple is actually dried apple combined with cinnamon to give a burst of flavor the minute you bite into the little round balls . i could recommend these to anyone ( with teeth ) ! they have to be experienced to believe . mine came from amazon and they are fantabulous.peeled snacks organic apple clusters , cinnamon crunch , 60 gram
= apple clusters
< yum ! ! !

> i almost never watch animated films , but this one was worthwhile for its compelling and sobering story of an earth trashed and polluted by humans who took off on a giant pleasure cruise spaceship , becoming more obese and dependent all the time . meanwhile , trash-sorting robot wall-e remains on earth to clean up but takes off with a probe named eve , who takes him to the aforementioned ship . everything changes as the people realize that they can clean up and regrow life on earth if they want to .
= thoughtful animation for youth and even adults
< a great animated film

> both coming from messed up pasts it was very easy to believe this couple would fall for each other . fable was there in every way she could be for drew . accepting his past , and tough enough right up to the end to tell him what to do with his attitude . i do n't think the word `` marshmallow '' will ever have the same meaning any longer . and to think , i 've always hated those things !
= good , just wished i did n't have to wait for sequel .
< drew and fable

> this is a nice long ten foot cable that i use to plug my camcorder into my computer , which i then use as a cam on skype . this is long enough to position the camera where i want it to be . as to the quality , even though it is inexpensive , it is thick and sturdy with an easy grip plug . do n't be fooled by the inexpensive price . this is a great cable .
= works as it should
< nice long cable

> i have always loved dried fruit and was excited to try this snack . to my delight , they were even better than i anticipated . sweet little balls of apple are crunchy with a burst of cinnamon and really quite addictive . i love the organic label on these , and the ingredient list is wonderfully trustworthy . these are a great apple-cinnamon flavor and make for a delicious treat .
= delicious
< delicious !

> i love this series . this little addition is totally worth it , just to have more of these sexy men in your life . i love greg and loved this continuation of his story . totally worth the buy and time . if you have n't read this series - what the heck is wrong with you ? go read it , then read this : )
= great addition
< love this series

> i 'm not a big fan of flavored graham crackers , but these were actually much better than i expected . the apple flavor is very prominent , and it 's accented perfectly by the hint of cinnamon . my two year old son is an apple fanatic , and he has absolutely gone crazy over these graham crackers . these were a pleasant surprise ... ..
= not too shabby ... ...
< better than i expected

> i 'm still trying to figure out what these were supposed to be and taste like . maybe i just got a bad box , but between the cracker and the cheese the product dried out my mouth after one bite and i had to drink water just to finish it.i think i 'll stick with their rounds and some port wine cheese for now .
= what was this supposed to be ? stick with their rounds .
< i 'm still trying to like them

> once we got to the lake we applied this to the kids , it was very easy to use on them , and quick too . we had to spray it into our hands and apply it to faces , but it worked . it did the job , but i still prefer a lotion that can be applied ahead of time .
= banana boat sport cool zone sunscreen
< works well

> i 'd love to say that burn is the best of the trilogy , but honestly i ca n't decide . maybe it 's because ash was the last alpha-male to fall after giving his two best friends grief over the way they acted , once they found their true loves.the entire trilogy is highly recommended ! ! ! ! ! !
= might be the best ?
< burn

> everything felt familiar throughout the story . i knew i had never read the story but it was still there until the end . i have read a book further along in the series . it was the characters that i knew . i enjoyed it . there is a lot of compassion & sex . it 's solid paranormal read !
= good group of characters
< great story

> it makes you feel everything ... yea it starts like a cliche but moves quickly to set the backdrop . laugh , love , lust , cry , anger ... it 's all there . has twists you do n't see coming . loved it !
= read it !
< loved it !

> i recommend this movie to all people who want to see a fun , action packed movie . mr. and mrs. smith is smart and sassy , it 's a lot of fun . jolie and pitt were made for this one .
= mr. & mrs. smith
< fun movie

> beautiful story . i just became frustrated with the main character 's immaturity . she was constantly reacting without thinking of consequences , so then i began to question why connor would put up with that .
= lovely story
< beautiful story

> what can you say ? they 're labels . they stick well . you can feed them through a printer , and they ink well . a good quality product that works like it should .
= labels
< great product

> i guess it was a ok book.i liked the other two more thorough.i hate that it just ended.but i hope they have a happy ending especialy after all they been through .
= well
< ok

> this was an audio book for me . loved the story , but wanted to strangle lexi for falling into jack 's ways repeatedly !
= annoying and enjoyable ? yes !
< good read

> normally i shy away from sci fi due to the usual goop and robot insect creatures , so i waited forever to see this movie . keanu reeves really got me hooked on the story . he is perfect as the software techie/hacker who moves from virtual reality to reality ( they say ) .the fear of machines taking over the world is exploited to the max . humans are not only used as a power source , they are bred for the job . each living in their own virtual reality , while being hooked up to serve the planet . anyway , that is a small part of the movie , although disturbing.neo ( keanu reeves ) is drawn into his own destiny through a phone call and phones become an intrical part of the story as the way the characters move back into a state of reality , where their bodies are hooked up ready for their minds to be programmed with the newest information at a minutes notice.morpheus ( laurence fishburne ) is trying to save the planet from the machine takeover and is convinced neo is the `` one . '' near the end of the movie , keanu gets into some real power positions that are highly attractive.he knows how the world should be , how it deserves to be , and everywhere he turns , he is faced with the fact that there is something wrong with his world . in fact , he is not in the real world , but in a virtual type reality that controls his life.in order to conquer this world , he has to start to believe he can . during this fight for what he believes is right , the special effects really capture your attention.i was pretty fascinated with all the concepts involved . it was not only intellectually fulfilling , but there is a ton of suspense.~the rebecca review
= fast paced futuristic fantasy
< keanu reeves is the best

> this story is addictive as crack ! ( not that i would personally know that , but i 'm just saying it is addictive ! ) the love story in this book is epic in the sense that it spans years : they first meet when eva is 5 and deuce is 23 years old and by the end of the book , eva is in her thirties and deuce is approaching middle age.eva is smart , beautiful and has grown in the motorcycle club world . she is familiar with the under dealings of the club ; she is no shy butterfly . she is a very strong , independent character that knows exactly what she wants and she wants deuce . deuce is the president of the rival biker gang and is totally hot , a man whore and totally 200 % alpha . they meet for the first time while deuce visits his old man in jail ( and later arranges a hit on him ) yikes.the love story between these characters is gritty and it is not smooth . their love is not the sweet romantic kind ; it is lasting but it is n't straight forward or smooth . in fact there was this scene where deuce getting a bj from this other woman while kissing eva ( boy did my eyes bug out ! lol ) there were times where i could n't quite understand eva 's character . i could n't fathom why she could keep on loving deuce after all the crap that he did or comprehend why she got involved with frankie or why she loved/protected him . ultimately i stop trying to figure out and enjoyed the ride.the books is an awesome read , it is filled with action , interesting characters and hot steamy sex scenes . great , awesome read and super addicting .
= addictive as crack ! !
< addictive as crack !

> i am only going to go on the first 70 pages . that 's all the farther i got in this horrible book before i put it away , wishing all pw reviewers and publishers who put this thing forth a miserable painful death for their crime against literature . the pacing is non-existent . the characters all speak with the same voice so you ca n't even distinguish between the father and daughter when they are talking because they are both written with the same pendantic muddled voice . most of the book involves people praising the father as a genius and him explaining why he 's traveling ( because he 's independently wealthy ) .and then the father mentions that he always wanted to study the netherlands . and imagined ruddy faced oompa loompas playing with gold coins . really . no , that 's what he thinks history entails . this is a man who made it to graduate history studies without ever reading a newspaper . or a history book . the daughter already related her shock at finding out that vlad the impaler did some impaling , because in 1973 impaling must have been shocking . what teenager in 1973 could possibly be exposed to people being impaled without recoiling in horror . it 's not like there was a vietnam war going on or anything.so amazingly enough , that is what pulled me out of the book . forget about the vampires . i was too overwhelmed by the stupidity of the historians not knowing history to really go much further . i would like to thank the amazon reviewers who slogged through until the end to `` spoil to book '' /save the reader .
= it 's like the da vinci code meets twilight but even more awful
< i was only going to go in 1973

> well , `` 21 jump street '' still gets my vote for best comedy of 2012 . `` ted '' is just like jason siegal 's version of the muppet movie , except with breasts , curse-words , drugs , alcohol , teddy bear/human sex , and borat-style non-pc humor . it 's a decent movie , but since most of the humor comes from shock value alone ( remember the humor from hangover part ii ? ) , you 're not going to find yourself putting this in your list of all-time greats.one of the problems this movie has is that mark wahlberg is n't a good comedic actor . he was ok in `` the other guys ' but here he 's barely tolerable . he does n't do well interacting with the inanimate object of the teddy bear . mila kunis is terrific , but after her the best acting comes from sam jones ... the guy who played flash gordon back in the early 1980s . the plot is the same as last year 's muppet movie . boy and stuffed animal are friend . boy grows up and meets girl . girl wants boy to stop hanging out with stuffed animal and spend time with her.this was fun , but could have been better . i expect lots of negative feedback since this is one of the few 3-star reviews of ted .
= muppet movie for grown-ups
< ted siegal 's version of 2012

> i was n't really scared a whole lot by the storyline in 28 days later , but i was really scared while watching the movie anyway , thanks to the sound system in my dvd player making me jump through the roof whenever an infected zombie-like creature would crash through a window and attack innocent people , or just go absolutely insane at the most unpredictable moments ! this movie reminds me of those old resident evil video games . absolutely terrific and scarier than you can possibly imagine.some people might not like the fact that there 's not a whole lot in the way of action , but honestly , there 's a good deal of action sequences despite the fact it 's not necessarily a totally action-dominated film , and the atmosphere that builds up to those action sequences is pretty terrific too , because you get a sense of constant uneasy feelings around every turn . you really feel the main characters as they struggle to find a way to safety and survive.the only complaint is that the film is really dark so it 's hard to see anything during the night settings.my favorite thing about the movie are how the monsters go crazy whenever they become infected , and it 's just an exciting movie .
= solid all around
< a classic

> i fell in love with liam and josie from the first few chapters of this book . i cried , laughed , and loved every second of this book . liam returns to his hometown for his best friends funeral . he has not been home since he left the live of his life josie , quit college , quit football , and left everyone for los angeles and became a famous rock star . now he 's home and face to face with the only girl he 's ever loved and regrets leaving . plus he finds out they have a ten year old son named noah . but josie is engaged to nick the pediatrician . but one look at liam and all those feelings of love she 's held onto are back . liam gets to know his son . he buys a house and moves back home . nick and josie split up . now liam and josie can finally be together . loved this story . can not wait for next book about kaitlyn , josie 's best friend who lost her husband in first book , and hamilton , liam 's drummer . great read ! ! !
= great emotional story
< another great book by liam and josie

> chipotle is one of my favorite flavors in the world . i cook with them all the time , make chipotle sauces and marinades , and chipotle mustards . because i usually make my own sauces and dips , i had pretty low expectations regarding this `` taco bell chipotle sauce . `` my low expectations were met.the chipotle flavor is stronger than i was expecting , and the taste was n't bad at all . neither was it good . it has a distinct fast food flavor . this is basically a bottled version of the sauce fast food restaurants might put on their `` chipotle burgers '' or maybe a `` chipotle dip '' to each with french fries . which is exactly what i used it for.if you are craving that fast food taste at home , then this might be right up your alley . me , i would rather just whip together a tin of canned chipotles and some mayonnaise to get roughly the same effect , and probably better .
= chipotle chipotle
< good taste , but not great

> it took about 3 loads for me to figure out the pods do n't release their liquid contents evenly . the first was a white shirt that i had already washed and dried ; it came out of the dryer with a vague dingy spot on the very front . i at first thought it was one of kids had spilled something greasy on their shirt and i did n't notice to pretreat . then it happened to my sons favorite tap-out shirt ; it came out of the dryer with a huge rorschach ink blot on it . i know there 's no way anything got spilled on that shirt ! then it happened to me , one of my nice blouses has a permanent dingy spot on the sleeve , it was not there before the wash. it seems these pods burst and leave a horrible dingy spot permanently where it touches .
= leaves huge rorschach ink blot on clothes !
< works well

> bumkins reusable sandwich and snack bag , bright blue , large is has a fun dr. seuss cat in the hat design on both sides that includes thing 1 and thing 2 ! i think it 's great for all ages of people who love the cat in the hat ( which is everybody ! ) .i used mine to take a sandwich with me when i had an appointment to go to and would n't be back home until way past lunch time . it will be perfect for snacks to take along when i go out to draw or just to have something to snack on while running errands.it 's been killing me to use all that plastic to pack sandwiches and snacks then throw them away . very wasteful and not very ecologically sound either . definitely will save money in the long run too .
= fun reusable bag for sandwiches and snacks
< fun snack bag

> this book brought back so many memories for me . i had a black nanny when i was growing up in louisiana , and i can still remember her wonderful soft skin and big bosom as she snuggled me up . when i got older i was always so disturbed by `` coloreds only '' signs and baths . i could play with the black children but they could not go where i could.this book speaks so well some of those terrible issues , you cheer for the maidsand for skeeter who stands up for her values.. and grow to hate hilly and her kind.wonderful story ... . i just loved this.i was so amazed this was her first novel too . wow . looking foward to more from her , and this was not my usual genre of book either..5 stars for certain !
= absolutely a amazing book ! brought back memories .
< what a great book !

> this snackwell product is *very* tasty , albeit a small amount ( 1 ounce ) for 130 calories . i have quite a sweet tooth , but i found it too sweet even for my tastes . the reason why is because it is loaded with sugar . here 's a list of the first 4 ingredients.first ingredient - brown sugarsecond ingredient - popcornthird ingredient - sugarfourth ingredient - corn syrupthis is not a product that many health-oriented people would choose to put in their system ! the product is not about eating healthy or snacking well . the product is all about portion control . if you are looking for a healthy alternative to sweet treats , i think there are better options out there . i am glad i tried it , but i wo n't be purchasing it again .
= tasty but very sweet ! small amount loaded with sugar .
< tasty , but too sweet

> i found the taste to be very strong , so only using half of the package per large cup of water is a good idea . even just using half the package , there is still a real lot of flavor and it is hard to believe there is n't a lot of sugar in it , as it tastes so sweet . you do n't have to worry about mixing it , as the package states , as it dissolves well and whatever is left over will dissolve in the next serving anyway . i found myself going to the water cooler about two to three times more often than normal because it tastes so good . both the flavors i had were good so you will probably be pleased with any of the flavors you try .
= its like kool-aid for adults
< very strong taste

> this is the kind of book that is better the less you know about it.even the product description above , and probably most of the reviews here will give you more information than you need to know.so this review wo n't tell you much about this book . what i can tell you is that it lives up to the hype . it 's a poignant , thoughtful , and completely original book.what makes it original ? -- the way of looking at the world , the use of a smart , face-value 5-year-old narrator.what makes it poignant and thoughtful ? -- the theme of how deep a mother 's love goes , how motherhood is instinctive , how a 5-year-old looks at the world.4 stars ++
= do n't read too much about this book , just read this book
< poignant , thoughtful , and completely original

> in all honestly in comparison , the remake with colin farrell is much better graphically . that said , it just does n't hold up to the original . farrell does a decent job portraying the main character but schwartzenegger just does a better job.bokeem woodbine always lends a well played role as does bill nighy . however , nighy is so one dimensional any role he plays is the same role over an over . but you know what you 're going to get when you sign him up.enjoy both movies for what they are : movies . enjoy the fact that the 2012 version has great graphics . enjoy the fact that the 1990 version is the original .
= recalling well but not like the original
< better than the original

> there are several things i like about this product . most importantly , it is a natural sweetener , with a bit of sugar added . this is a good addition , since stevia tends to have a strong , almost artificial flavor on its own . it does help blunt that odd flavor , but not completely . but it is still an acceptable , safe sweetener , and each packet provides the sweetness of two teaspoons of sugar , for 5 calories . i also like the recycled box it comes in , i wish more companies would do that . if you use a lot of sugar substitutes , i suggest you try this product .
= a good dietary addition
< good , but not great

> my seven month old son absolutely loves the juicy pear and garden greens . it is a combination of pears , broccoli , and spinach . when i saw that i was n't too sure how he would like it . but after the first bite he was hooked ! he eats a full pack of it in one sitting ! technically each pack has two servings but i would say that only pertains to babies who are just being introduced to solid foods . because of this i do find this food to be quite expensive . i would love to say we would be buying them again but not until the price is lowered !
= my son loves this food !
< my son loves it !

> sara is by far the most frustrating female character i have ever read . i spent about 75 % of this book hating her and wanting to shake her to death . jaxon had my heart from the beginning . i felt for him every part of this book . he was so sweet understanding determined and loving to sara . towards the end of the book i finally felt bad for sara but then she upset me in the end . i 'm glad the second book was already out so i could dive right in . this story pulls you in and keeps you on your toes . it made me feel everything .
= brilliant !
< sara is a story

> i realize these are called `` crisps '' and that indicates that yes they will be crunchy however these are a bit harder then i was expecting . i had thought these would be more like a cracker , but it 's actually pretty solid . by themselves they are good , dip them in marinara sauce or put them with some american cheese and they are even better . these are a nice alternative to normal crackers , taste exceed the standard cracker type snacks i see at the stores but like i mentioned they are really hard .
= good , but really hard ( crispy )
< crunchy and crunchy

> i really like the scent of this new speed stick gear fresh force , it smells nice when i 'm putting it on , but it 's subtle , not too strong of a scent , just right.i 've been a speed stick user for many years and i really like this wonderful new gear version , they just keep getting better.in these hot days of summer , i can count on speed stick gear to keep me like i want to be , fresh and not stinky ! you can count on speed stick gear
= wonderful fresh force !
< nice scent , but not stinky

> this title really could have benefitted from a different title . i was thinking that half blood prince would refer to voldemort , but the revelation was rather disappointing . it was interesting to learn more about the world of wizards and witches , and snape 's backstory did a bit in helping to explain why he was the way he was . however , it was lacking , and though i did like this book , it simply was not as good as the preceding book because some things could have been done better .
= interesting book
< not as good as the first

> i have problems especially in the winter with many soaps and this one has really been good for me . it has caused no problems with itching or anything , it lathers well , cleans well and smells good . the smell reminds me of ivory soap . i would buy this and recommend it to others with or without skin problems . it is a soap so you still need to moisturize your skin after a shower but it does n't make your skin dry either .
= works great
< works well

> viewed : 12/13rate : 112/13 : thanks to tim burton 's predilection for lush cinematography and the color of black , sleepy hollow is a bona fide crapola . it is also vapid , obtuse , insipid , and convoluted . johnny depp is a moron of an actor and has n't had a good film since 1998 when he starred in fear and loathing in las vegas . all in all , it is impossible to get into sleepy hollow .
= sleepy and hollow .
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i hesitated reading this book for years because i had already read the short story , and figured that knowing the ending would ruin the book , but scott card has made the story much more robust and added many subplots that were n't there in the original . plus the added little twist at the end that makes you question your impression of the aliens . i found it thorougly enjoyable and look forward to speaker for the dead .
= wiggin out over how good it is .
< enjoyable

> for me some bottle water is better than others . this bottled water was very good . it had a good , clean taste which is always important , especially for those who do not enjoy drinking water . the bottle was also thick enough to withstand being dropped but not so thick that you are really just paying for the bottle . overall i would buy this bottled water again .
= tasty
< good taste , good taste

> this will go on my list as one of my all time favourites.it 's a wonderful insight into mediaeval life and a fascinating look at the lives of architects-particularly cathedral builders . i would unhesitatingly commend this book to anyone with an interest in the past.i started to read very slowly towards the end as i did n't want it to finish .
= great ! ! !
< a beautiful story

> the gold kili is just okay to me . i 'm not a huge fan of the flavor , it too bold for me . it will settle a stomach , as the other reviewers stated . for that alone , it would be perfect for those sick days or hangover days or any day you have a little stomach bug !
= it 's okay ...
< just okay

> this book was a trip . i guess it will be a second one because of the ending , but i do n't see where it started . this book was good and you can picture as you read what is happening . boy do thses men have you on a roller coaster of love and excitement . great storyline !
= great ! !
< great ending !

> this coffee was ok. it was ordinary , nothing special . i thought i would give it a try . i have n't seen yuban around for many years . if you find this at a great price , buy it . i do not recommend going out of your way to get this coffee , however .
= ok
< not bad

> this is my first book by this author and i loved it . nix owns a tattoo shop and the girl of his dreams walks in . she has a lot of baggage and a controlling boyfriend . nix finds it harder and harder to stay away . i finished this in one day .
= tattoo of love
< loved it !

> i was surprised i enjoyed this book as much as i did . i found the characters intriging and even spots in the book where i wanted to reach out and slap brad . i hope the sequel is as good as i am looking forward to it and the storylines it may bring .
= completely enjoyed looking forward to sequel
< good book

> abby and travis are such a great couple . their chemistry is so addictive . loved the whole story line of this book . one of my absolute favorites ! can not wait for the second book to come out !
= wonderful !
< loved it !

> this was audio book for me and i enjoyed this one even more than the first book . james ' obsession with bianca only grows and glows hotter than ever ,
= james and bianca are still so hot together
< more than the first book

> this book left me reeling . talk about a gut wrenching ending just to have you jaw scraped of the ground by the last words.i absolutely freaking loved this book , the characters , the storyline , and heck just all of it . i was hooked from the prologue and i was definitely not ready for it to be over. & # 34 ; what 's your name ? & # 34 ; & # 34 ; does n't matter . you 'll forget it once i 'm gone. & # 34 ; & # 34 ; no , i won't. & # 34 ; this book is riddled with great lines . very powerful and not easily forgotten.lexi is a social worker who has moved from the us to australia with her foster mom after a less than stellar childhood . she became a social worker because of an encounter with an abused 8 year old boy . she is living alone and feels him watching her ... always . she is saved from her would be rapist by her real life stalker ... yes that happens . things just keep heating up from there.i absolutely loved the dual povs of this book . especially with a character as messed up as twicth . i was reading along and after the whole hero scene and their first few interactions i was hoping that there would be dual povs . it made this book all the more interesting . i often found myself preferring twitch 's pov because he was such a twisted dude . i also loved that everything throughout the book was consistent . no characters just randomly dropped off the face of the planet ( usually besties with these books ) . i loved nikki and dave they were fun characters and great compliments for lexis character.well enough blabbering ... i loved this book !
= holy smokes ! ! i am completely blown away !
< wow !

> my house is on a golf course in a rural area of the pacific northwest . since my yard borders the fairway , i have no way to fence out either the marauding deer nor the equally obnoxious golfers . this year i 'm using deer off in hopes of warding off at least one of my problem pests . the deer seem especially fond of crocosmia . they always wait until the night before the flowers are going to bloom , and then strip off the top 25 % of each and every plant . i have yet to see a flower on these plants , so i gave the whole area a liberal treatment . i appreciate the built in , battery operated sprayer ( batteries included , even ! ) since a pump spray can give you hand cramps in no time.the smell was strong while i was applying it but seemed to go away once it settled and dried on the leaves . the product description says it is rain resistant but the label says that rain , mist , fog , damp , or cold conditions during or right after spraying can reduce product effectiveness . those things are `` par for the course '' around here so it is a challenge to find just the right window of opportunity to apply.it is early spring here so neither the deer nor the tender new leaves are out in force yet so i ca n't say with certainty how effective it will b. , so far , at least they seem to be choosing less stinky yards to ravage . the product has a 100 % satisfaction guarantee there 's nothing to lose , right ? having read the other reviews , i will be tempted to refill this container with homemade solution when its empty and compare the two ...
= seems to be helping
< deer off in the deer

> no actor stands out here ; any variation in character or performance is masked by the uniforms , the nature of the action and its consequences on the men . pretty much what infantry combat is all about , differences merged in a uniform terror , heroism , instinct for self preservation , incredible feats of bravery , and all submerged in the din and smoke of combat . one of the reasons for inequality of rewards for effort is that it is almost impossible to know who is doing what with whose help.the flavor comes through in the film . impressive is the fact that it conveys , knowingly , i assume , the confusion , the lack of accurate information , the unpredictability , the disjuncture between the orders of the highest level and the needs for behavior at the lowest levels where death , maiming and psychic distress are the natural outcomes of infantry combat.if one steps back to look at the larger perspective within which this mission took place , you may form your own opinion about the event , the film , to a remarkable extent does not . whatever ones broader view of the place this sort of action plays in the life of nations , one should remember that no period of human history has been free of such social behavior while the century just past may have set the record for sheer brutality and certainly did set the record for the number who fell as combatants in war , magnified partly because in modern warfare there is no longer a distinction between military and civilian when it comes to being killed and injured , only a distinction , increasingly blurred , between those who are killed and also kill , and those who are killed but do not kill others directly .
= among the best infantry combat films ever made
< the best of the genre

> i do n't know what went wrong . i thought this was a no brainer ( no pun intended ) . i almost bought it without seeing it first . thank goodness for $ 1.00 rentals . `` no country for old men '' ( what does that mean anyways ? ) did n't live up to my expectations . because i love `` fargo '' and `` the man who was n't there '' , i thought this latest installment of a coen brothers film would blow me away . the film just got too evil for me and too creepy . the characters were bizarre and reprehensible so i was n't too interested in the story that went along with it . i like josh brolin , he was the best part of the movie for me . javier bardem 's character just creeped me out in a bad way , maybe it was the hair , who knows . the quirkiness of the coen brothers films was missing here and when the characters tried to be quirky , it did n't work in that genuine way . like why the scene with the teenage boys selling their shirt ? that scene was borderline inappropriate , like we need to see a shirtless teenage boy , the movie could of done without . the scenes with tommy lee jones bored me to tears and then out of nowhere the movie stopped . credits rolled and i just chalked it up as a loss . very dissapointed . now i wish hal holbrook would have won the oscar for supporting actor , and `` there will be blood '' or `` into the wild '' should have won for best picture . no country for me , i 'll leave it at that .
= country fried movie
< i 'm a fan of the coen brothers

> the star of this novel is jake fisher . he is a college professor at lanford . earlier in his life the love of his life natalie had broke up with him tomarry another man todd sanderson . natalie made him promise to never bother her again . professor fisher settles into a life of being a political scienceprofessor at lanford . he reads an obituary in the college newspaper about the death of todd sanderson . in order to see natalie he decides to go to the funeral . guess what . there is no natalie . this begins a search for natalie . people that knew him and her in the past have no knowledge of where natalie is.even her family members have no idea where she is . he finally starts to make headway in his search . his friend professor benedict sheds some light on thesituation . an organization named fresh start whick poses as a charitable group actually has another role . people who are being pursued by criminal elementsare hidden and given new identities by fresh start . he finally discovers that natalie witnessed a murder committed by maxwell minor . she has to come up with a bogus wedding in order to dissapear . the ( minors ) maxwell minor group are actively seeking natalie . as a result jake fisher is put on her target list.there is one stone killer in the minors named danny zuker . he stays in pursuit of professor fisher . this story has a surprise ending . donot miss this story .
= suspenseful mystery novel !
< jake fisher is a must read

> i have been using a 3 blade razor with gel bars and have been very satisfied with but when vine offered the new schick hydro silk with five blades and wanted to give it a try . i did like the way it came . there is one razor handle and two replaceable blades . the hydro silk is different from the razors with gel bars . when you look at the head you do not see anything that will moisturize . it is only when you add water that the hydrating gel comes out and smooths over your skin . it cautions that you should never use the hydro silk without also being in the shower as it must have water to activate . i found that to be true . if your leg gets dry the razor does not glide smoothly . it gives a very good shave but i did not find it to be any closer than the 3 blade razor with gel bars . the box says that the blade is good for two hours of use . then it will quit moisturizing and you will need a new blade . that is one difference in the two razors . you can tell when the gel bar runs outs by looking . with the hydro silk you have to tell with use . all in all this is a good razor and as a added bonus it is cheaper than the 3 blade with gel bars .
= good razor with a good price .
< good razor

> at the very least i can say beautiful creatures was n't pretentious enough to pretend it was amazing literary art . in that way it was leaps above twilight for me.on the technical front , it was full of silly teen-like observations and repetitive sentiments . the authors probably could have cut half the physical content of this book and had the same story ... then they could have elaborated more with the characters and settings.for an early teen read it was entertaining , but really did n't do much justice to the troubling experience each of these two teens was experiencing -- as individuals and as a couple . everything was quite superficially addressed.now i know the world of teens is very superficial in appearance , but these young people do struggle with deep , unidentifiable feelings and i think it 's a lost opportunity when authors of books for this audience do n't delve a little deeper in this area if they choose to include things like 'death of a parent ' or 'impending loss of innocence ' into their stories . there 's just more space to work with.if you want to keep it uber-light that 's fine , but to gloss over situations that stir deep and alien emotions for tweens and young teens really does some disservice.that said , i 'm an adult reader past those years of angst so it 's easy for me to simply read this book for entertainment .
= passably enjoyed it
< literary

> i found the film boring . sure the view was stunning . great sets . great actors . but seriously , what did you expect would happen after disaster struck ? one of two things were going to happen : either they were going to survive or they wo n't . the film is consumed with us getting to that point . sandra bullock in a space suit reading a tech manual trying to figure out what button to push . real ? authentic ? sure , but so was my yawn.the visual effects are great on the big screen . i will be honest . i despise films which consist of one person being trapped and having to survive the whole film , because i know one of two things are going to happen ... what the film really needed was a big rubber headed alien to save them and probe their privates.sure , i would have complained about that too , but at least i would have stayed awake.btw i loved 2001 because it mentally engaged me . this one did not because i knew one of two things were going to happen ... parental guide : bullock lets loose one early f-bomb after a few s***s did n't suffice . 31/2 stars for bullock in shorts . what did i do with my copy of & # 34 ; fire on the amazon ? & # 34 ;
= what would george clooney do ? ,
< i 'm a fan ...

> i do n't know that i 'd ever get avatar on dvd because , for me , the best part of the film was watching it on an imax screen in 3-d.if i did n't have the inspiring special effects to distract me from the storyline , i do n't think i 'd enjoy the movie as much . it has more-than-enough imagination to set the story up ... but i wish james cameron would turn to experienced writers for the script the way he turns to experienced sfx people to shoot the movie.my biggest pet peeve is that this villains are always too over-the-top . in titanic , billy zane 's dastardly character should 've worn a black stovepipe hat and a snidely whiplash moustache . in avatar , the badly-scarred colonel comes across like the most extreme military caricature . he has no reason , he has no understandable motives in the latter part of the film so he can just completely embody the bad guy.my friends derisively refer to this film as dances with smurfs or planet of the grapes . if the story had a little more depth to it , i do n't think they 'd be able to say that . and cameron now has the two top grossing motion pictures of all time , so nobody can take that away from him.but i wish the story had been better .
= the 3-d imax was the best part ... .
< i do n't know i 'd enjoy this movie

> i wanted to try this product on my son 's hair . he is 5 , biracial , and has very dry hair . i thought something titled `` scalp and hair oil '' would be perfect . when i received the product , i went to check the directions only to find there were none . not good . so , i squirted about a dime sized amount into my hand and worked in into his hair . if was very difficult to work through his hair . it seemed like some places were a slimy mess and others were completely dry . luckily , his hair is really dry and soaked all the oil up after awhile , but it certainly did n't go in non-greasy as it was advertised . my hands were as greasy as if i had poured vegetable oil on them . i 'm sure people with very dry hair would benefit from this product after long term use , but it is such a mess when you apply it that it really is n't worth it . i will say , it made my son 's hair very shiny ! if you used a very small amount and just lightly ran it through your hair , it would give you shiny , healthy looking hair !
= pretty much a waste of time .
< works well , but not good for dry hair

> ripper and danny 's story is a little less gritty and rough but still as beautiful as deuce 's and eva's.danielle danny west , daughter of deuce . ripper is the guy eva 's ex frankie attacked , just about gutted an then cut out his eye . that was a pretty rough scene . danny is the good girl trying to keep her family together.at her senior prom she calls for a ride & ripper picks her up and they have a magical night when she just about attacks him . they try to avoid each other but he eventually gives in and they have an uc affair . tragedy strikes and he bails for her sake.a few years tick by with a few visits back home to the mc and danny . no matter how they try to deny it their love is undeniable . all hell breaks loose when he finally comes back for good . a lot else happens but they finally get their hea.it was a great story but there was a little too much of others stories weaved into danny and rippers story ( future books ) .
= rough , gritty and beautiful
< great story

> you know the elation you feel when your toddler sleeps in ? you slowly wake up first and are feeling all giddy at the extra sleep . until the overwhelming worry sets in ... was the extra sleep worth it if there was the dreaded diaper blowout ? ! am i going to spend the next 30 minuets rushing through a diaper change , and then laundering wet blankets and sheets before nap time comes around , because heaven forbid sweet slumbering baby does n't have his lovey back in time . and again , was it worth it ? ! well , problem solved . i have n't had that happen with these huggies little movers . not once . the rare occasions i get a little extra time in dreamland have been well rewarded with a happy , leak free , dry bedded baby . granted i 'm sure some of those diapers have weighed in at about 20 pounds , but with no blowout in sight ... i 'll be be buying these from now on .
= no blow outs !
< i love these huggies !

> if you are an anglophile , mystery-lover and enjoy precocious children , this combines all these and more . flavia , at 11 , is very , very smart . she is also extremely annoyed with her two older sisters who treat her with a bit of scorn . with a love for chemistry , and lots of time on her hands , when a murder is committed flavia puts her intelligence and skill to work to solve the crime . she has to as a body showed up in a very inconvenient spot , and the police suspect the wrong man who is someone close to flavia.if you like golden age mysteries , this has elements of those with an eccentric cast of characters , an amateur detective , and a charming village as backdrop . nothing too grisly occurs . the dialog and description is fun . if you enjoyed this book , the author is contracted to write six mysteries in all .
= unique & charming series
< a fun , engaging read

> the film adaptation of frank miller 's `` sin city '' graphic novel is one of the strangest film experiences ever . the visual style is unique , probably one of the first films whose images are similar to those in the books.however , the plotting is weak . the four stories that encompass the movie are too short , and when one ends , we immeadiately jump into another one . for a normal film-goer , this could make it a confusing movie.another draw-back is that the film is just too graphic . some of the violent images are needless , and seriously detract from the film.the acting is good , though . bruce willis , clive owen , mickey rourke , rosario dawson , jamie king and jessica alba give some of their best performances to date.overall , this is a strange-but-good film that will mostly appeal to fans of the comic book.movie/dvd grade : b
= great visuals , weak plotting , good performances !
< a good film

> when leigh anne tuohy ( sandra bullock ) , a wealthy memphis wife and mother meets homeless teen mike oher ( quinton aaron ) , she takes him home as one of the family.the movie , based on a true story , is fairly predictable as it heads toward its happy and tear-jerking ending , but it 's told so well that it 's never corny or maudlin . the traumas mike endured early in life are alluded to rather than graphically shown , and one is left with overwhelming admiration for him and the tuohy family . sandra bullock is great as the feisty leigh anne and singer tim mcgraw is very likeable as her husband . quinton aaron is excellent as the abandoned child who went on to graduate from college and play professional football . many real-life college football coaches play themselves as mike is wooed by all the top schools . highly recommended .
= moving family film
< a great movie

> the tasc fabric does a pretty good job of being simultaneously substantial ( thick ) and cool ( wicking sweat away during workout ) . it is comfortable . my complaint , and why i will not be ordering these , is that the body of the shirt fits like it was designed for somebody with a beer belly.i am 6'1 & # 34 ; 210 pounds moderately athletic , bigger build . i ordered a large shirt . it fits well in the shoulders , arms , and chest . then if feels like it flares out in the abdomen . it looks like it was designed for somebody with a beer belly , not at all like in the picture on amazon.i wanted to like it : 4-5 star fabric , 2 star fit - 3 star total .
= good fabric , bad fit
< comfortable , cool , and cool

> this antiperspirant performs very well . long-lasting protection with no skin irritation . zero complaints about performance . it is a little harder to wash off in the shower the next day , but it does not pose a significant problem.the scent , however , is a bit on the heavy side . it smells good ( a & # 8220 ; fresh & # 8221 ; scent that is not perfumy ) but there & # 8217 ; s just a bit too much of it . i have to make sure i apply just a small amount or the scent is way too strong throughout the day.if the scent was dialed down a bit it would be a 5-star product . as it it , i give it 4 stars .
= effective performance ; bit heavy on the scent
< works well

> this disney film is much better than most of the super-hero movies that now clog the movie screens of today . the plot is thin , but the special effects are good . i got a little lost in the explications of how a 19th-century explorer ends up on mars , and the ending left me a little confused , too . no matter . most of the movie is quite fun to look at . the love story at the core is very pg-rated , per disney . this cost millions to make , and i guess it did n't make it back at the box office . too bad because there is quality here .
= do n't see why this flopped at the box office
< better than most of the super-hero movies

> `` one for the money '' is harder-core than janet 's later stuff , and , frankly , it 's not my favorite because of the level of violence , both to lula and the poor , old , neglected dog . i can also see a bit of the race stereotype complaints people have , although i can assure them that lightens in later books . with all that said , the series is still my favorite because it 's best described as `` sexy and funny . '' it 's not highbrow stuff , and some people , including my mother , are put off by the language , so be aware ...
= i can understand some of the negative reviews ...
< `` one for the money ''

> i find this reusable snack bag irresistible . not only does it help the environment , it also saves you money - you buy it once and can reuse it daily for sandwiches , fruits , vegetables , etc.you 'll especially like it if you like dr. seuss , thing one and thing two.it 's cute , washed/wipes easily ( has n't washed out on the outside yet ) , dries quickly , and provides the eco-friendly way to carry your food every day.if you already own a lunchbox , make sure to get this snack bag -- it 's great for the earth and good for you .
= not only for kids - adults can enjoy this eco-friendly snack bag
< great for the earth and the earth

> my husband is not picky when it comes to his deodorants , he just prefers the gels over the solids but is not partial to any one brand . he is very happy with this speed stick brand ( his first experience with speed stick gels ) . it did n't feel sticky on his underarm hair , leaves no stains on his clothes , and keeps him dry and odor free all day long . that is saying something because he works in restaurants . the fresh force scent blends well with his other products .
= no complaints !
< works well

> loved it ! loved it . this is an emotionally character driven moving story.ultimately this second book is about empowering yourself and overcoming your demons . in this book we get to see callie and kayden struggling to overcome their past.though i loved the characters i was a little frustrated with callie for not wanting to share her secret with her mom . i was like come on , tell someone ! ! thankfully she did ! the book has a hea and thankfully no cliffhanger though their story is n't quite over.great book !
= does not disappoint ! loved it
< loved it !

> i love this man ! i love reading brooke and remy 's story continuing ! i love it ! it breaks my heart when he goes black and has no control and little memory , it 's amazing the way brooke works so hard to pull him out of his episodes.they still have to deal with scorpion and his twisted ways of dealing with the threat that is remington.i can not wait to read the next book , i am dying to see what happens next for this perfectly imperfect pair .
= gahhhh ! ! !
< love this man !

> packaging : the packaging for this product was hassle-free , easy to open , and reasonable given the amount of product supplied.product quality : the crackers were very fresh and tasted just fine . it was consistent the the quality that i have come to expect from the brand name nabisco . these were the perfect size for dunking into a small cup of milk as an after-dinner snack.overall opinion : i would highly recommend this product to someone looking for a mildly sweet , yet low-fat snacking option .
= honey maid fresh stacks
< sweet , sweet , and sweet

> this animation is n't only for kids as there are some very clever send-ups of disney as well as other cartoon characters . then there 's the terrific animation , which is fun to see by itself . the real charm of the flick is the multi-level story line , making it appealing for both adults and children , and as i mentioned , the jibes at some of the more venerated cartoon icons are well done and very funny .
= go see it
< very funny

> i thought this was a really good action film ! everybody did an awesome job . this movie is like max payne , 24 , and commando all mixed together in one movie ! when his daughter is kidnapped and fixing to be sold on the black market , bryan mills comes out of retirement to save his girl and kill the bad guys ! filled to the brim with action and suspense , i highly recommend taken ! ! !
= an awesome action-packed film ! ! !
< a great action film ! ! !

> i loved the opportunist and wa really looking forward to this book after it . i just found it hard because i loathed the main character so much i was n't interested in anything about her . the whole way through i was barracking for team olivia ... i hope this is a trilogy so more of caleb and olivia 's stories have more of a thorough ending . these books are very well written .
= ok
< loved it !

> this is so handy . i love it no more sticky glue mess . works perfect you just roll out the sticky tape and things stick to it . this works best for paper that need to be glued . i do n't think it would work for heavy items . this was also fun to use my 5 year old worked for hours making art .
= this is awesome
< great for paper

> this stuff did help me sleep a bit better , and i mean a bit better , not by much.and beware , this product has not been evaluated by the food and drud administration .
= does help with sleep , but , a bit anyway
< did help me sleep a bit better

> this film is austere but delightful . written with sincerity and honesty . affective memories support this movie.laughable situations along the process to approach to the greek mood.good performances and fluid script .
= a funny light entertainment
< delightful

> these crackers are much more filling than regular honey grahams . you can see the real oats in them and they are flavored perfectly , not too sweet . really good .
= tasty and filling cracker
< filling and filling

> i would totally recommend this book to everyone its great.this book was a great read.so much emotion , how can one person go through so much pain .
= wow
< wow

> willy wonka ( depp ) has been in seclusion for years . one day , it is announced that wonka has hidden five golden tickets in the wrappers of five million candy bars to be sold around the world . those who find the tickets will get a tour of the wonka candy factory . one by one , the tickets are found , and the winners are announced ... augustus gloop , veruca salt , violet beauregarde , mike teavee , and finally , charlie bucket . the first four are gluttonous , spoiled , an overachiever , and a tv addict respectively . charlie , on the other hand , is just poor . when the group arrives at the factory , they are all introduced into the the strange world of willy wonka . willy also tells the kids that one of them will get a special surprise.johnny depp plays willy wonka with a creepy intensity . to say that he is odd would be an understatement , and most of the time he is acting unexpectedly . the movie itself is a treat for the eyes , as most movies by tim burton are . the chocolate factory is filled with wonders , and run by the oompa loompas , all played by actor deep roy . they steal all the scenes that they are in , providing songs about the childrens ' misguided actions.i have read that roald dahl 's family is endorsing it , and ca n't help but think that most people will like it , especially if they liked the original . unfortunately for me , i found the movie only slightly less annoying than the original . so , while i can say that it is an improvement , i ca n't say that it did much for me .
= charlie and the chocolate factory
< willy wonka

> set in spain just after wwii and the spanish civil war , the first book in the cemetery of forgotten books series centers around daniel , a boy who lives in barcelona with his father , a rare bookseller , and who has lost his mother at a young age . when their relationship becomes strained , his father takes daniel to a secret place known only to a few : the cemetery of forgotten books . here he encourages daniel to select a book to keep and treasure . the book that daniel picks is called & # 34 ; the shadow of the wind & # 34 ; and was written by juli & aacute ; n carax , an author daniel has never heard of before . daniel is entranced by the book and becomes determined to find out more about the author and read more of his books . his quest leads to the mysterious finding that someone has been systematically collecting and burning carax 's books . while carax was supposedly found dead after returning from paris , daniel finds that something does n't add up . helped by the man he rescued from the streets , an adventurer named ferm & iacute ; n , he begins to dig deeper and finds that he , his friends , and family may be in danger , not only from his research , but from the new government . the story is intriguing , complex , and draws you in completely . the author has a wonderful turn of phrase with some delightful descriptions filled with metaphor and simile that add some charm and humor at unexpected points . i look forward to the second book in the series .
= a forgotten book changes the life of a young man in barcelona
< a delightful book

> lee child 's 18th book is , in my opinion , an excellent and enjoyable adventure , filled with interesting characters and reader-grappling suspense . as usual , we see our hero , jack reacher , think through the various , ever-changing events thrust upon him as he tries to unravel what is happening and why.reacher was the head of the 110th mp , as a major , when he was on army active duty . now , as a civilian , he prefers to travel from city to city and be left alone . however , he heard the female voice of the current 110th head , is enchanted , and travels to washington to meet her.child organizes his adventure superbly . for example , what others might place as chapter 2 , he inserts as chapter one , and put one as chapter two . this makes us curious as to what is going on and adds suspense . reacher is attacked in the now-chapter-one and told to get out of town or he will be hurt . later , he finds out that the army is charging him with a sixteen-year-old murder and with abandoning his child a little over a dozen years ago . the woman he came to see , major turner is also criminally charged , with espionage.readers will enjoy discovering if reacher and turner are innocent and , if they are , why are they being charged ; why some people are trying to get reacher to leave town ; and if reacher finds turner to be what he hoped she was .
= excellent and enjoyable thriller
< excellent and enjoyable adventure

> i like that this has sucralose and not nutrasweet in it . it takes one squeeze to flavor a glass of water . it has several vitamins , specifically focused on energy - like the b vitamins , and it contains caffiene . i much prefer this to the little vitamin drinks , and it is a better deal . i like that it is zero calories . the taste could be a bit better , but really , no energy drinks are all that good , and i feel better if my teen wanted to drink some of it occasionally than the other brands of canned energy drinks that i see his friends with . i think it 's good that you get the water with it - a lot of times a bit of hydration , aka water , is an energy booster in and of itself , and helps you think better . it 's a generous sized package in a handy size . there 's a lot to like about this , but i 'd try some of the other flavors . this one was n't bad , but it was n't exactly what i 'd call good - it 's a long way from a real punch juice drink , but it 's drinkable enough to down pretty fast when you need an energy burst . i would n't use it as a regular water enhancer though . i 'd rather just put some mint or juice in my water if i wanted that .
= good alternative energy drink
< good , but not great

> whoa ! nic and matt have a steamy story to tell so you better start reading this book.matt and nic meet in the most unusual place and share a hot moment but a quick departure makes matt leave nic & # 8217 ; s place without her number . so when nic runs into matt at a wedding , things get a little heated and not in a good way.while nic pushes matt away , it only inspires matt to pursue her more . once together , they make a fantastic couple . nic realizes that she is more open to what matt is into more than she thought she would be . it wasn & # 8217 ; t has hard core as i thought it would be but it was nice to read a softer , lighter bondage . nic is very much a control freak in her life . she has worked hard for all that she has and is not willing to give it up . meeting matt , a very dominating man inside the bedroom , makes her change her ways . reading how nic starts to trust matt makes her give up her tight reigns on her control was sweet in its own way.also , you get to catch up on all of the rest of the montgomery family . it is nice to read each new book and learn more about the characters that you have read about in the past.~mc
= book whisperer 's review
< steamy story

> i am a novice tea drinker , far from an expert on brands and varieties , so i do n't have a wide range of experience to call on for comparisons when considering the lipton tea and honey to go packets . i enjoyed the drink ! i found it easy to mix , with all the particles dissolving with the normal amount of shaking effort . this is very sweet , which i enjoyed . i tried the coconut passionfruit variety , and to be honest , did n't taste a whole lot of coconut . i tasted a lot of tea and honey , which was okay . i just never experienced much tropical flavor.my teenage son also enjoyed this product , appreciating how easy it was to mix and the sweetness.the box states that this drink has five calories per serving . one serving is 1/2 packet , something i found odd . the instructions state to dissolve one packet in a 16.9 ounce bottle of water , so you are actually getting 10 calories and 20 mg of caffeine.i enjoyed this lipton product and would certainly seek it out again . i will be curious to try some of the other flavors to see if they are all overwhelmed by the honey/tea combo . this will be a nice alternative for me and a useful tool in breaking my soda habit .
= enjoyable for this novice tea drinker
< very sweet , easy to mix

> this book was good and i enjoyed it but the subject matter bothered me a little.tate is athletic and beautiful and she has been tormented in the last couple of years by her neighbour and former best friend jarred . jarred is nice to everyone but to tate . tate is terrified of him and does n't understand why he changed.the story is a typical kindergarden love story in the sense that kindergarden boys who are interested in pretty girls tease the hell out of them and pull their hair to get their attention . ultimately jarred is a bully as he does n't want any boys to be bear tate . however , he takes his pranks to the extreme . he does n't physically hurt her , but he embarrasses her and sometimes he is outright mean.though i enjoyed the book , my issue with the book is the subject matter . bullying is a serious issue and i believe this book perhaps treats it a little too lightly . yes , tate is bullied and yes she even bullies jarred to a certain extent , however , people that are terrified of their bullies rarely end up in romantic relationships with them.aside from this , i enjoyed the characters and the storyline . i just did n't like the vehicle used to make these characters fall in love .
= good book , but ... the subject matter bothered me
< good book but not a great read

> this movie makes you feel like you are there when everything is happening . it makes it seem more realistic . it was a great storyline , but by the end of the movie , my eyes were hurting , and i had a headache , because of the camera shaking . maybe it was because i was dumb enough to sit too close to the screen . here 's some advice : sit far back away from the screen . the monster was very creepy . there was a scene where the main characters are in a helicopter , and you see the monster being attacked and falling down , then there 's huge smoke where you ca n't see it . everyone thinks it 's dead , then all of the sudden , the monster jumps up and attacks the helicopter , and it feels like it coming right at you . if you love thrillers , you 'll love cloverfield ! ! !
= a scary thrill ride ! ! !
< a great movie , but ...

> watched this because it was produced by spielberg . have found that this is not a good way to select movies - too many losers such as this one ( also '1941 , ' 'war horse , ' and war of the worlds ' ) . a '60 minutes ' interview with spielberg suggested the reason - turns out spielberg had problems in his relationship with his father , and was overly caring for his mother ( had left his father for another man ) .regardless , the 'plot ' here involved a group of friends making a super 8 movie who witness a train crash while filming at night . inexplicable events begin to take place in town ( dogs and people disappear ) , their biology teacher is somehow involved , and the air force imposes an informal martial law control . too much sci-fi silliness ruins even the chance of this movie being a charming story of teen-age relationships .
= ridiculous , boring -
< a charming story of teen-age

> i liked the premise of the story - while it may not be exceptionally original and i 'm sure has been written into stories many times before , i liked the way stephanie developed her characters and story . i found it easy to follow in the parts where there were conversations between melanie and wanderer , but a little confusing at times when it came to interactions with jared and ian . i found some of the characters very likable and others incredibly annoying , and some parts of the book definitely dragged . while i generally enjoy big/long books this one seemed a little too long and i was eager for it to end.overall i liked it but did n't love it ... .if you enjoyed the twilight books than give this one a try , chances are you 'll like it .
= interesting premise , loonnggg book
< not as good as the twilight books

> this tastes like a weak hot chocolate with peppermint in it . it does get a little foamy on top which makes you think it is like a capachino but the flavor is n't strong enough and i really could n't taste any coffee flavor in it . you need to put more than it calls for to get a strong enough flavor but it still does n't have a coffee flavor to it . the mint makes it a nice change of pace and really does add to the flavor but this is not something i would buy often , for the price and the extra you need to use , plus the fact that the flavor is n't as good as the real thing it really is n't worth the price and is not what i would consider gourmet or special .
= tasty but certainly not the best
< tastes like chocolate with peppermint

> i loved , simply loved this book ! ! it is sooo romantic and seriously hot too ! 5 out of 5 stars ! how can not i not love this book ? it has all the right elements : a hot football player , a ton of steamy scenes , a romantic and sweet plot and above all , the characters are so endearing and likeable ! i love will and meg ! in this third book in the with me in seattle series we also get to briefly see the characters from the previous books ( i so enjoyed reading about luke and nat jules and nate ) . seriously , this book is very entertaining and very good . it is a perfect light read with some emotional angst ! loved it ! ! best of it it has a hea
= loved it ! ! !
< hot football player ! !

> ok , i like the series but bella just gets on my last nerve . she is so ungrateful for what alice and jacob do for her . edward tries to give her gifts and she is whiny about that too . and just what is the big deal about marriage ? she loves edward but does not want marriage but begs him for sex.i found myself getting very irritated and losing intrest about half way through the book , i only kept reading cause i like jacob black and alice.some times i want to take a stick to edward too , he is just too virtuous.i had this book given to me and i am glad . it is not worth the hardcover price . the first book was good , these just go downhill with the drama .
= drama in the teen world ! make up your mind
< not what i expected

> my reactionwow ... .i loved this book even better than the first ... the charactersrylee . i liked her better in this book than the last , she found her sexyness , she put the bi # @ $ in place which i liked a lot . she did n't give up so easily.colton . well what can i say ... .yummy . i loved him at the end ... .he put himself out there ! the storyit had more essence , but i have a feeling about colton 's publicist manager ( ca n't remember the name , aka bi % $ # ) , she was mysterious in one of the chapters . i have a feeling about next book about the ending that i hope does not come true ... recommended
= wow ... .nice
< loved

> every now and then you come across a book that 's just wow ! this is one of those books . it will stay with me for a long time to come . i do n't think that the cover does much for the book , but hey do n't judge ! ! ! this books story is wonderful , i loved sophie and all her friends on her journey ! ian is well ... yummo ! this book had me laughing out loud , crying , nervous and happy . it really is a wonderful tale , i would love so much to read more of this story in the future ! i would buy it in a heart beat .
= amazing !
< i love sophie and sophie ! ! !

> sherlock holmes will have to employ himself hard in order to decipher and follow the traces of this serial killer ( lord blackwood ) , unraveling these puzzled clues and rejoining them in order to capture him and finally to reveal his sinister plans of conspiracy to rule the world.as you may expect there will be lots of the well known steeled british humor all along the film . once more , robert downey confirms what robert altman said about him , labeling as the best actor of his generation . jude law is breathtaking too as his fervent collaborator , dr. watson.do n't miss this engaging and irresistible masterwork . the opened finale clearly suggest us the second saga .
= a brilliant tour de force movie !
< the opened finale

> it 's not bad . my son is picky and did n't like the fruity scent . my daughter was turned off by the scent at first , but then she said it was good . it 's soft and chewy , not rubbery . it does n't stick to the teeth too badly , and it 's not overly sweet . it 's really not bad at all . i like it better than traditional red licorice and a thousand times better than black licorice . i 'm very picky about my candy , though . i would n't go out of my way for it .
= not bad
< not bad

> this movie is just wonderful . great simple elegant tale that does not try to be more than it is -- just a great engaging story.this combo pack of disks are an excellent packagethe digital copy i downloaded quite simply from itunes -- the copy is on my laptop and my i-touchthe blu ray is beautiful with great extra featuresthe dvd is nice so that if grandaughter wants to watch it in her room ( no blu ray player ) she can go there to watch it.great movie packaged in multiple ways for multiple viewing options .
= great movie wonderful disk package
< wonderful movie

> this sequel was very entertaining as i enjoyed the visceral journey of livvie and caleb with unexpected twists and turns . caleb was a fascinating and complex character . understanding his damaged childhood , it mitigated some of the unthinkable things he subjected livvie to and explained his conflicting hot/cold behavior towards her . livvie was a courageous girl who fought hard and did not yield to caleb 's demands blindly . yet , her love for caleb was unconditional and unwavering which was just what he needed to change for the better .
= visceral journey
< a very entertaining sequel

> this series is so great . it is filled with hot sex , passion , and a lot of suspense . someone is coming after brynne but ethan will stop at nothing to protect the love of his life . although he will not share his demons with her yet i feel he still trusts her completely . he is keeping his ugly past from her to protect her . just another way he shows how much he loves her unconditionally . great read ! can not wait for second book .
= amazing
< love it !

> sometimes when you read a book that s another story retold from a different pov you feel like you are just reading the same story again . this was not that story . reading from holder 's pov was a whole new tale . i felt his heartbreak and anguish . i felt his love for sky . i loved this side of the story ! colleen hoover weaves a beautiful tale and i ca n't wait to see what she has in store next .
= amazing !
< another great book !

> i thought this water had a `` flat '' taste , though i did not experience any bitter aftertaste . my 12-year-old , on the other hand , found it quite refreshing and easier to drink than tap or other bottled water when she had a sore throat . she also said it `` tasted '' like water but felt better going down . if it were priced similarly to other bottled water , i might consider purchasing it .
= water .
< not bad , but not great

> i have tried many healthy snacks and this is definitely one of my favorites . it has a cakey-like texture , but fruity with pieces of nuts and only slightly sweet . it is sweetened with natural agave nectar . this bar has all organic natural ingredients and it 's also gluten-free . great for vegan and raw diets too.190 calories per bar25 grams carbs3 grams of fiber220 mg of potassium
= satisfying and no guilt since it 's organic and all natural .
< one of my favorite bar

> this was a great read and a page turner of a love story . cassie and jack are 2 characters whose story endures through many challenges but they love each other , that never dies . this was truly a great love story , and i could n't put it down . great prose , the author did an excellent job telling the story .
= great read ! ! sweet love story
< great read

> you had me at golden ticket . i loved riff ! ! i felt his pain and cried with him . aubrey was awesome . i love how she made her rules and broke them all . the two of them together are smokin ' ! ! i hope to read more about them in the upcoming books ! !
= oh riff ! !
< riff ! ! !

> i enjoyed linc and ever 's story . linc was more than i thought he was going to be . he was n't the man-whore i was expecting . he was actually very sweet . he had the power to defrost ever and show her what she was missing out on . looking forward to the next book !
= i enjoyed this
< good read

> i thought this was going to be more of a young boy 's loss-of-innocence story but it was more fairy-tale/magic/horror/fantasy than i care for . not my cup of tea - but others have clearly loved it .
= not my thing
< good story

> this works really well , and is very neat no need for messy glue or tape that bunches up , i would recommend this ... it is mess free and very effective ! ! ! !
= pretty good
< works well

> this was a great story and can not wait until tomorrow to read the followup but also the ending . this has some great characters and the story is as real as it gets .
= intriguing
< great story

> love it . love it . i play everyday with friends and now i can take it with me . i would recommend this to everyone who plays ,
= words with friends free
< love it

> enthralling and angsty . the whole dynamic of this story was ... ... perfect . so hard to put down . excellent writing and great story telling abilities .
= ya with a twist
< loved it

> i thought all along the romance was good then it suddenly ( albeit a little lamely ) changed up what i expected and ended better .
= surprising ending
< good

> since it 's a bit hard to tell from the product description , here 's what you 're actually getting:2x 4 oz 'nurser ' bottle2x 8 oz 'nurser ' bottle4x slow-flow silicone nipple15x liners for 4 oz bottle15x liners for 8 oz bottlevarious sealer rings and suchand here 's a big important note : you can not use these bottles without a liner . these 'nursers ' are like normal baby bottles , but with holes in the side and no bottom . the liners are not optional , as they are in some other similar products . liners cost between 5 and 10 cents each , depending on where you buy them.so , if you 've decided to go the lined-nurser route , and you 're using bottles only occasionally , this kit will probably be helpful . with one or two bottle feedings a day , you 'd go through the 15 liners in a couple weeks , and only have to wash and sterilize once a day.however , if you plan to bottle-feed extensively , be it with formula or pumped milk , this kit will be woefully insufficient . 15 liners will last maybe two days , and only two bottles the right size for newborns would mean constantly washing and sterilizing in order to have at least one clean . ( i suppose you could probably use a 4 oz liner in the 8 oz bottle , which would put you up to four usable bottles , but you 'd still run out of liners very quickly . ) if you 're considering getting this as a gift for a new mom , think it through first . if you do n't know for certain that the recipient is willing to deal with 'nurser ' bottles instead of normal bottles , this 'gift set ' might get returned to the store before the baby 's out of newborn diapers .
= useful ? for some people . premium ? not so much .
< a bit hard to tell , but not a good product

> ian fleming 's original james bond owed more to hugh hefner than to the civil servants that bond supposedly represented . sean connery did a great job portraying that womanizing , witty , high-living secret agent . times change , though , and daniel craig is the agent of that change , even if not quite the romanticized agent of fleming 's original stories . the new bond is tougher , grittier , and a lot more believable . and , like the hero of this movie , the stakes of the game get a twenty-first century makeover too . the wealth is n't is n't gold , diamonds or nuclear weaponry - but you 'll see that for yourself . even the cinematography has a more modern look , especially that jaggedness that amplifies the hard edge of the fight scenes.it 's a bond movie , though , and a good one . it has all the action of craig 's previous work in this role , for one thing . then there are the gorgeous and sometimes lethal bond babes . that includes camille montes who ( like tilly masterson in `` goldfinger '' ) has a score of her own to settle . and , as we 've come to expect , there 's an explosive finale.if you hoped for the debonair , droll bond of the 1960s and 70s , well , this is n't him . instead , as with any good myth , the bond story stays fresh by changing with new tellings . the old bond was good , but the new one is good too. -- wiredweird
= even better bond
< good , but not great

> clint eastwood directs quiet films that stay with you : `` mystic river '' , `` unforgiven , '' `` bridges of madison county '' ... .in the year that produced sleeper , `` cinderella man '' i 'm not sure this movie will go down in the annals as the great it deserves to be . `` million dollar baby '' starring hillary swank as a female boxer hopeful from humble beginnings is no exception . clint eastwood plays in a supporting role as her coach frankie dunn with morgan freeman acting as the narrator and gym manager , `` scrap iron '' dupris.maggie comes to dunn 's gym hoping he 'll take her on as a manager . she 's got some serious strikes against her : she 's a girl , while she 's trained extensively she 's not done it properly , and she 's 32 years old . `` scrap iron '' ( freeman ) takes the girl in and gives her some pointers despite dunn 's objections . maggie begins to learn and box right . her determination and guts impresses eastwood enough to take her on as a student.the tale is n't just about what it takes to be a boxing champion , but how to make your dreams -- any of them -- come true . this is a hard film to watch and one that will leave you crying in the end . but , it 's not one of those films that you 'll forget anytime soon .
= tough , beautiful and very real
< the best of the series

> the horror movie genre did n't really take off until 1980 with the opening of friday the 13th . the movie took several elements from the surprise 1978 hit , halloween , added some gore , and established the rules for most horror films to come . for instance , the camera follows the view of the killer through almost half of the movie ; the slashing takes place in a remote , wooden area that has a & # 34 ; bad & # 34 ; reputation ; none of the victims are killed the same way ; sin is punished ; etc . this is the only of the friday the 13th films not to star the hockey-masked villain , jason voorhees , but it does explain who jason is . the film lacks hardly any action until about halfway through when the stormy night begins . from then on the movie picks up steam ( and gore ) until the chilling end of the movie . kevin bacon has a small role as camp crystal lake 's summer staff stud . overall , the movie is n't that great of a film . however , it is a horror classic and if one does n't mind a little bit of blood and a scene of sex , it 's worth watching to see how and where the horror genre began .
= started the trend
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> `` freedom is the freedom to say that 2+2=4 . '' winston smith in gorge orwell 's 1984 is forced to accept anything the party of oceana tells him , not only must he accept it but he also must believe it . if they say that 2+2=5 then he must believe it even knowing it is not true , this action of forced acceptance is called doublethink- the idea that you can hold two seemingly apposing concepts and accept both as true.winston does not truly believe the party and begins to work against it under the radar even while knowing he is bound to fail . as the story progresses he befriends a young woman named julia and together they attempt to do the party harm through their own mini rebellion.winston and julia are believable though not lovable . i do n't think orwell wanted them to be lovable so he could emphasize how the party sucked the humanness and lovability out of its subjects.the story was incredibly well written . it was simple to understand , even though winston and julia 's situation was far from simple.this would be a good book for anyone from fourteen up . this was a great book that deserves it many awards . *this review is written by my son- 14 years old
= freedom is the freedom to say that 2+2=4
< `` and julia

> what a ride ! taken by itself , this meets the highest standards of sf/action movies . the cast was great , even if kahn sort of stole the stage from the enterprisers . effects and cgi ca n't be beaten , especially the various starships in distress . the plot moved well and kept the pace up right to the end.as a part of the star trek canon , it works pretty well . the various actors representing the younger versions of mccoy , uhura , scotty , and the rest had close-enough physical resemblances to the originals to keep the continuity believable . i 'm not a die-hard fan , so i have no complaint about how this script fits with the rest of the star trek universe.that said , the highest standards of sf/action movies tend toward weak spots in a few areas . would it have been that easy to forge official star fleet papers , not once but twice ? would scotty 's approach to that other ship have gone un-noticed ? would ... well , lots of things . is it just me , or do recent movies demand more in the way of suspending disbelief ? no matter , it was an evening very well spent. -- wiredweird
= beautifullyt executed
< good movie

> i used the same amount that i 'd dispense with a regular gel - that was a mistake - this gel goes a long way . i needed a little more than half the gel i 'd normally use with other brands . the gel comes out as a mix of gel and foam , so it 's hard to get a feel for the correct amount . i worked into a lather on my wet face , waited about 30 seconds , then shaved . worked like a gel should . one thing i noticed that was different - sometimes i 'll go over a spot on my face a 2nd time to catch stray hairs i missed . i could not do that with this gel - the `` hydrating '' ( i assume ) left a coating on my skin that acted like a brake - my razor would not move unless i wet my face again.after shaving i noticed a very mild stinging on the shaved areas . not *nearly* as bad as after-shave , but noticeable.the scent reminded my of mild coconut . overall , not bad , but nothing special .
= nice shave gel - nothing extra special
< not bad , but nothing special

> when spider-man came out people were finally happy to see a comic book movie do justice . the x-men movie also came out around this time but before this , superman : the movie reigned as the best example of a comic book movie , and this is in no way to say that superman : the movie or the first batman are done badly . they could have been even better.spider-man gives you a great character , plenty of action , and a great storyline . it 's what action movies strive to do . and sam raimi was the perfect director for this one . withthe evil dead ( book of the dead limited edition ) andthe evil dead 2 ( book of the dead limited edition ) people knoew he could give these films justice ... and did he ever.these are two of the most packed dvd 's in history . it disects the movie from every angle . two commentaries , a trivia track , plenty of featirettes , and who knows what else are included on these discs . a must have for all comic book fans.highly recommended .
= a comic book movie done right
< the best comic book movie ever

> oh my gosh amanda and preston are 2 awesome characters in this book . i was happy , sad , laughed and cried as the story developed . this book centers on amanda 's staged plan to get the man she loves , but then she is ignored by the man she loves , and then she gets him and this period is so romantic . however , preston 's lies destroy the dream of their exquisite love , but with this love story , the ending is awesome . the sex scenes are so descriptive that i believed author , abbie glines wanted the reader to experience the connection these characters had with each other , which was so intense at times . i loved amanda , she wanted her man and got him by any means necessary , with his excess baggage-a secret that she did n't want to believe , but you root for preston , because his family means so much to him , it tugs your heart strings and amanda 's heart was tugged . great read -- -- -read this book ! ! !
= awesome book ! !
< preston and preston are awesome ! ! !

> this is the most relatable heroine i 've come across in awhile . i was getting tired of every heroine being miss perfect , goody two shoes , a virgin , etc . every once in awhile , i want a bad girl ! maggie certainly fit the bill there . however she was likeable despite her choices , and you could understand her decisions and pridiciments . she came across as an actual person with flaws.this book even had a couple events that i never saw coming . those were pleasant surprises . i read this book all the way through in one sitting because it was addicting . i was n't quite sure how the story was going to play out , and that 's not something that usually happens to me . there were several ways this book could have ended . i was pleased.overall , the book just came across as `` real '' to me ... ... ... .not as far fetched as most stories in this genre.how much did i pay : 3.99was it worth it : yeswill i receommend : yes
= finally a heroine that seems like a real person
< relatable

> i began reading this story and before too long , i started skipping chapters . the writing was stilted , almost as if written by someone who is not a native english speaker . ms. knight has to learn how to use contractions . no one speaks like she wrote unless , again , they are not native english speakers.the plot seemed ridiculous . brandon came across as neither alpha nor omega ... almost as a dish rag . and spencer just seemed to be all over the place . there was too much `` telling '' and not enough `` showing '' .there was also an awful lot of unnecessary descriptions and whole scenes . the three reasons for a scene are to move the plot along , further the character development or to tell the reader information . many of the scenes in this story were unnecessary.this feels like one of the many stories i judge for the various contests in which i 'm involved . i wo n't be reading any further books of ms. knight 's .
= too much , too fast
< not what i expected

> if you have kids that need to attach things to poster board , this is the tool for you ! in the past we have tried glue sticks but they just do n't work all that well . elmer 's glue is just too messy ( and can turn a nice looking paper into a water wrinkled mess ! ) we have tried glue dots in the past . however , they always stuck more to our fingers than to the paper . i basically had to do all the work as my children ( now 7 and 9 ) just did not have the agility to get the dot off their finger and onto the page . more often than not it ended up on another finger or on the wrong side of the picture to be pasted.the dot roller fixes this problem once and for all . the dots go on , you press the picture down , and you are done ! my husband is going to see about getting some of these for his classroom !
= a great tool for school projects !
< not for kids !

> dark knight is one awesome film , and the transfer to blu ray is quite amazing . the audio is superb , and the joker 's theme sounds very eerie hearing it in surround sound . blu ray audio on the ps3 with a denon soundbar makes it sound just amazing.the film looks fantastic , with some graininess . i guess the film was shot in digital so the graininess is standard fare ( that 's just my guess ) . you can see all the detail on the suits , and everything just looks lifelike on screen . this is not the best movie to display the true capabilities of hd because the film is dark , but for audiophiles , you need to hear this one.a ton of specials , bd live , plus digital copy to transfer onto your ipod makes this a great buy . definitely check out hans zimmer special on the disc to hear how he created the joker 's theme . it 's brilliant !
= looks great in hd , but grainy
< dark knight

> `` some of you might die on this quest '' says the john lithgow character lord faraquaad of duloc , `` but it 's a sacrifice i 'm willing to make '' . there 's plenty to love about this movie besides the great writing and wonderful banter between donkey and shrek , the animation is superb and the story has lots of under lying humor and subtly.i 've probably seen this about thirty times at least , because it 's one of my two year olds favorites , and it 's definitely a movie that appeals to young and old alike , the teens get into watching it too and even with multiple viewing it 's never boring . the dvd has some good extras including a great music video.i 'd highly recommend this to any as one of the greatest family movies ever , it 's worth owning and watching over and over .
= awesome movie , great writing , great acting
< a great family movie

> sociopath movies usually are n't my bag but this film came recommended to me by a few unlikely sources so i checked it out . when the film started out it was suspenseful but the inevitable comparisons to `` seven '' started to float through my mind . about the midway point the film kicked into second gear and delivered some twists that are superior to `` seven '' . outside of an above average script for this genre type there is superb direction by james wan . wan really has a sense for establishing mood and paces his film well . about the only really qualm i have with the film is that the characters are n't really fully developed . for those who are a little squeamish , the film does contain some intense and grisly scenes but on the whole it does n't go over the top .
= see `` saw ''
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> my heart is breaking . i ca n't believe their story is over . i could read about them forever , but thank goodness they finally got their happy ending . i loved every minute of it , agonizing over their relationship , laughing when they laughed , crying when they cried even though i felt like my insides were being ripped out . this trilogy was one of the best i 've ever read but if you 're looking for a sweet ride along the way , it 's not for you . it 's gut-wrenching at times , wrongs every last drop of emotion out of you , but the end is so worth it . in fact , i will probably read it again at some point just to pick up on all i missed . definitely a keeper and highly recommended .
= crashed
< one of the best books i 've ever read

> max he was alright , but he did n't meet my fancy as much as bennett did . i mean he is bold , & # 34 ; he reached down , took my hand , and pressed it firmly to where he was erect , already arching into my palm . without thinking , i curled my fingers around him . & # 34 ; this is from watching me dance ? & # 34 ; he does n't care what others think of him , & # 34 ; effed off work early , just like everyone in this town . and what about you , little miss ? trying to hide ? & # 34 ; max asked with a wicked gleam in his eyes. & # 34 ; i 'm hoping the third book in the series will be better .
= max
< max is a wicked mess

> this post shave balm is great for sensitive skin , if you have skin like that then you will know that the slightest irritation and you will have a breakout or a nasty rash but with this you do n't . the reason is that this does n't contain alcohol so it does n't burn you if you get a cut but instead it gently moisturizes and gives a gentle calming feeling to your skin . also with this the odor is n't overpowering.just put a little bit of this in your hands , apply it and get fresh feeling skin . i would certainly recommend this product and no sir it is n't wimpy to buy decent skin care products by dove , it is manly to look and smell good .
= great for sensitive skin
< great for sensitive skin

> i know tara sivec has a wonderful way with words because she has written hilarious books which i really loved . i was intrigued with her new romance suspense book pretty much because i loved the funny ones . wow ! ! she did not disappoint ! what a great book ! ive never read a romace/thriller before and it could just be this particular author but i. am . loving it ! with feisty parker and sexy garret this book is 5 stars in the romance department . add in suspense , mystery , and action and well ... .i have a new genre that im loving ! awesome book ! !
= action , suspense , romance ? yes please ! !
< loved it !

> this sunscreen is as effective as any # 30 product . what i liked about it is how easily it is absorbed . it is not greasy and does n't leave the fingers sticky or greasy , so that is a pleasant change from many sunscreen lotions . however i did n't think much of the claim of instantly cooling and refreshing as it is applied . any feeling of coolness lasts about half a second.a number of reviewers commented that the smell of this sunscreen was unpleasant . i did n't mind it at all . the smell is slightly medicinal , but i prefer that to other sun lotion scents .
= perfectly fine sunscreen that absorbs well and is not greasy
< effective but not greasy

> i have a 2 and 7 year old in my household . both of the kids love this cereal . i like that the ingredient list is small and not loaded down with corn syrup , sugar , or hydrogenated oil . the kids love the individual packages . no fighting over who has more in their bowl . the pack of 6 went pretty quickly -- for ordering something online , i 'd recommend ordering at least 2 boxes . seems like a lot of trouble to make an order for only 6 little packages .
= kids love it and great portion size for them
< kids love it

> i agree with many of the reviewers . just do a full length novel instead of all these short books . it is frustrating . however , with that said , this is a very hot series and you ca n't stop yourself from buying the next book . this is a very different storyline and sean is breaking my heart along with avery 's . there is no way i ca n't continue the series to see how it all turns out . i highly recommend this series .
= hot , hot , hot
< hot , hot , hot !

> i have a hard time finding chew snacks that muffin likes . when these came in i immediately opened them and she was right there watching . as soon as i got one chew out , she was sitting up just begging for it . she took it with no hesitation and headed to her favorite spot and started chewing . within 15 minutes she had eaten the entire stick and wanted more . i make sure she gets one a day , and she just loves them !
= my dog actually likes them ! ! !
< my favorite snacks

> that yum was from my dog , not me . : ) my dog loves this food . the texture feels meaty and you can see all sorts of different ingredients in each piece . my dog gets excited just by seeing the bag and always finishes every last bit in his bowl . i like that this food contains real and healthy ingredients and really takes the time to care about proper nutrition for dogs . this is definitely a product i will continue using .
= yum !
< my dog loves it

> these waggin ' train jerky duos dog treats are one of our & # 34 ; test & # 34 ; doggies favorite treats . while i 'm not sure a smaller dog would be able to handle the hard strips , our retriever had little trouble.these also have a few added ingredients that i 'm sure improves the flavor but does little for the nutritional value but , since we use these as treats , this is n't a big concern for us.recommended ! cfh
= quite good - recommended
< great for dog !

> oh my gosh this series was awesome ... i love ryan ... i said a lot in my first review so this time i will say i am very pleased with how their lives turned out and as usual i need and love a happy ending ... this book was so well written and i am glad there was more romantic descriptions too lol
= great book
< loved it

> my first book by ms charles and i loved it ! got all the other books in the series . reno and brandi 's story will keep you reading and your stomach in knots . there is always something going on and new characters are fluidly introduced . definitely a new author to add to my favorites list !
= bonded a superb read !
< loved it !

> this was an amazingly beautiful story ! i loved archer and bree 's story ! they were both so beautifully broken and so perfect for each other . this was definitely a differnt story and i loved every word of it ! thank you mia sheridan for this beautiful book !
= beautiful !
< beautiful story !

> i 've been using this on a device that i plug and unplug frequently . with other cables the clip eventually wears off . so far it has held firm.the cable is flexible and easily tucks away unlike other cables that are more rigid .
= excellent quality
< great for the price

> eternal sunshine is a waky movie with a great cast . it 's good to see carrey in something where he 's not talking out of his butt .
= waky
< great movie

> i totally loved this book . i would recommend it to read . the characters are amazing in it . you live & hate them .
= amazing book !
< loved it

> night after night is a good steamy read . julia is keeping secrets from clay and that is a deal breaker for him .
= steamy
< good read

> yesterday my husband said to me , `` honey , tonight you 're goin ' to get `` axe 'd '' ! '' and i chuckled and replied -- because i knew exactly what he meant by that promise , `` well , that 's cool ! `` in all seriousness though , he had already cracked the lids on this axe chilled face wash , the chilled shave gel , and the chilled hydrating/after-shave gel and was looking forward to an exhilarating experience . i was too : this `` chilled '' fragrance does not come across like a good many of the axe fragrances . the `` chilled '' is a major step away from the sweet and cloying smell of most of the other axe products we had sampled in the past . the fragrances each of us wear are important to both of us : if either of us do n't like a fragrance , it does n't get worn . we both agree : `` chilled '' is a keeper . i think the fragrance will appeal to all age groups . the refreshing and cooling effect will be great in the summertime , and i can just picture smiles and sighs of contentment using it on hot summer nights while preparing to head out for some fun.regarding the face wash in particular : my husband is not used to using a face wash : whatever bath gel is there on the shower shelf , that is what he would put on his face . so , now , in getting this face gel for him , i 've started something : he says it feels so good and was so refreshing and his skin feels so nice that he wants to keep using it . `` can i use it every day ? `` , he asks me . `` well , sure you can ! twice a day ! as often as you wash your face , you crazy guy ! use this one up and i 'll get you another one ! ''
= terrific , more 'mature ' fragrance and so refreshing !
< i love the fragrance , but i love it !

> for me , this book had highs and lows . i 'll start with the good stuff . the plot tackles multiple issues , expertly woven together , and laid out for us to ponder . at the heart of the story is the controversial topic of the ` murder gene ' and whether the propensity for violence is in our dna . we question whether our family history changes how people perceive us . and , along with the characters , we wonder how far we would go to protect our child.now for the not so good stuff . i did not always find the parents , the father in particular , believable . he stumbles upon a few red flags with his son 's activities , yet he never once confronts his son about these things . his character is a bit too much of an ostrich , sticking his head in the sand and pretending all is well . the characters are n't well-developed and i did n't connect well with any of them.the biggest disappointment for me is the pace of the story . it drags . we spend a lot of time in the narrator 's head and his thoughts become repetitive . the trial begins about 2/3 through the book and the pace slows to a crawl . we read long snippets of the trial transcript . everything is rehashed for us in trial format , but none of the information is new . the experience left me feeling disconnected and bored , rather than involved or on the edge of my seat in suspense . by the time i arrived at the twist at the end , which should have been stunning , i breathed a sigh of relief that it was over .
= great premise - dragged out
< a bit too much of a good stuff

> imagine waking up in the hospital , naked and groggy . then , wandering through the halls , wondering where all the doctors and nurses have gone . upon exiting the building , you see that the entire city appears vacant and in a shambles . what happened ? where did all the people go ? this is how it is for the hero of danny boyle 's jarring 28 days later . london england has been swept clean of her inhabitants , at least those of the normal variety . what is left are roaming bands of bloodthirsty maniacs , driven insane by a virus that quickly decimated the population . the story is good , owing much to both night and dawn of the dead , the crazies , the omega man , last man on earth , and even the day of the triffids . we follow the uninfected survivors as they attempt to make it to an oasis of sanity they 've heard about on the radio . a place that promises sanctuary and salvation for our battle-weary adventurers . will they make it ? what , if anything will they find there ? we get to join them in their quest , hoping that they make it before some infected nut gets a hold of them . 28dl , like boyle 's trainspotting , offers us a ride that may not take us where we want to go . where trainspotting showed us the utter deadness of addiction , 28dl shows us survival in it 's most raw form . just watch what these people have to do to stay alive . watch who they must kill . i highly recommend this movie . belongs in every horror collection ...
= 28 days too late ...
< the omega man

> tom cruise stars as vincent , a hitman who has a taxi driver named max ( jamie foxx ) drive himto his hits . tom cruise is actually at his best when playing a villain just like in interview with the vampire . vincent is a ruthless and heartless killer and no one could play him better than cruise . although people are just saying now , `` look at jamie foxx he can act '' . i knew for awhile that he could . infact he should 've been nominated for ali . he 's great in this too as this nice guy who hates this violent situation he 's caught up in . he 's funny but is also really good at being a sensitive and soft spoken actor as well.also good in supporting roles are mark ruffalo ( 13 going on 30 ) as a cop who stumbles on to one of vincent 's crime scenes . jada pinkett smith has good chemestry with foxx eventhough they only have small scenes together . she plays a lawyer that max picks up one day and they get along so well that she gives him her business card so he can call her . collateral is suspenseful and has lots of violence but just like in mann 's heat these 2 totally opposite guys interact and talk and get to know each other . in heat the cop and robber sit down and talk over a cup of coffee . here the nice taxi driver and ruthless killer talk in-between hits .
= one of the years best !
< a fun vampire movie

> tess has returned to quincy . barging her way back into his life and heart . they belong together . they need each other . tess feeds q 's need to dominate and cause pain without breaking his sub . she fully accepts and embraces his monster within . q feeds tess 's need to feel pain , to be owned , and to be cherished.this book was hard for me to read . i can handle dark but some of the s & m ; scenes were too brutal for me . especially experiencing them from q 's pov . but i ai n't seen nothin ' yet . with q 's enemies out for revenge and a stupid move on tess 's part , her terrifying time spent in mexico comes back to haunt her . i do n't want to give anything away but those scenes were heartbreaking . i actually teared up for the brutality tess suffered through . so emotional . and just when you think she is saved and the healing begins your heart breaks all over again but for q as well . q proves that he will stop at nothing to have his tess back . excellent book , i 'm happy there will be one more !
= heartbreaking !
< q 's pov

> i take b12 on doctor recommendation - the same 5000mcg and methylcobalamin version as this product . personally , i have n't noticed any effects , good or bad , since starting them about 4 years ago , but continue to take them since they remain recommended for me and think it is reasonable that they may be helping me . the doctor recommended the sublingual kind ... ... .these are called lozenges and are chewable , and although they are also dissoluble under the tongue , they do take a longer time than with the sublinguals i have been taking - maybe the fact that these are a little larger in size is a reason . also , these taste ok , but not as good as the sublinguals i take.so , although i have no proof that these are any better or worse than competing products , am glad i tried these and will continue with the remaining lozenges in the bottle , but will return to the specifically labeled `` sublinguals '' since i think the fact that they dissolve under the tongue quicker , so seem to me they would get into the system sooner and more completely than these b12 lozenges . seem good , but no thanks .
= seem good
< taste ok , but not as good as the other products

> this movie shows the untold story of what happened between bruce wayne being a small kid and when he was batman.the fighting was pretty good.well bruce is not some big time millionairre hes a prisoner like in tibet or somewhere.then he trains as a ninja.he learns from ra za ghul.raz is played by qui gon jinn.then he goes like crocodile dundee and goes to the concrete jungle like countless others to america to fight crime.in america he battles scarecrow..hes quite a bit more brutal than the tim burton batmen , which is really cool.morgan freeman plays this guy who makes batmans toys.commissioner gordan is still quite a bit younger than normal . .the best thing about it by far is the tank like batmobile ! now that fn rocked ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! he had an ol lady , but she was crabby the whole time so who cares ? i have every batman movie made and they are all not as cool as this one [ written before dark knight ] ... ... i say if you 've watched the other 6 batman movies then watch this one too .
= interesting
< the best batman movie of the year

> stephenie meyer can write an entertaining , fast-paced story , that is for sure ! this is not literary greatness , but it is a talent to keep readers entertained to keep them through this rather hefty book . while neither thethe twilight saga complete collectionseries or this are particularly original , she does create nice , wholesome characters . i do n't know why this is particularly aimed at adults - very little violence , no sex , no swearing . the only reasoning is that perhaps adult arms are more suited to lugging this giant hardcover around ? while it is , simply , another version ofinvasion of the body snatchers , the p.o.v . is rather unique . this perspective adds elements and dimensions to the characters that made it a lively and fun book . i am glad that i bought it and i certainly enjoyed reading it . it may not appeal that much to those who are not fans of hers already , or do n't care for books in the genre , though .
= *invasion of the body snatchers* , the book
< a fun , fast-paced story

> teenager holden caulfield has just been expelled from yet another prep school for failing his classes and having a really bad attitude . here he recounts his adventures and observations during a weekend on his own in new york city.i remember being quite shocked at holden 's anti-social thoughts and non-stop profanity and not liking him at all when i first read this book . it was a pleasure to reread it forty years later and find that my feelings for him had changed a lot ; now i find him a bright , charming , and pitiable combination of the social misfit from `` napoleon dynamite , '' the angry young man from `` rebel without a cause , '' and a bit of eddie haskell , too . his penchant for vulgarity and manic emotionality remind me of a scared puppy who 's all bark and no bite ; he 's in desperate need of attention and affection and luckily , he gets it.this classic character study of a troubled boy is highly recommended for mature readers .
= memorable
< a classic for mature readers

> i 've used avery and staples house brand for return address labels , and these are identical in size and computer template . i printed the same labels as always and they came out fine.two differences - all the extra label which normally surrounds the labels is gone so they come off easier . this seems a small thing but when you 're doing large mailings it makes a big difference.the second is that the adhesive seems stronger / better than the competition . i noticed this when sticking one to packing tape.here are some other uses for these : - print your name / contact info and stick to anything that might get lost ( cell phone , etc ) - use on your calendar for recurring events ( soccer games , piano lessons etc ) looks nice ! - `` paid '' sticker for bills- quick substitute for tape when doing craftsif you 've found this review helpful or have questions or comments , please let me know !
= creative uses ... easier to use than competition ... stays on !
< great for template

> i was a little leary of reading this book because i did n't know if i would be able to get into this book . i wondered how could it possibly live up to all of the hype ... .i was wrong ! this is probably going to be the best book i 'll read all year long.with so many plot twists and turns it 's hard to put this book down . the characters are one 's you 'll come to care about . from beginning to end i enjoyed this book . it tells an amazing story of life filled with courage and heartache , about finding yourself and trying to make some sense out of the meaning of things . it 's about loyalty and betrayal and friendship and the unfairness between the classes . there 's something for anyone to relate to in this novel.a++ i will definitely be recommending this book to friends and ca n't wait to read a thousand splendid suns !
= amazing
< amazing story of life and heartache

> illy coffee , i 'll admit , is one of the best tasting coffees i 've ever had , worth every penny of the higher than average price . this small can of coffee was tasty but really did n't measure up to the home-brewed version . that said , i know this is not meant to be a steaming hot cup of freshly brewed coffee . it 's meant to be a nicely flavored coffee beverage straight from the can . maybe just as a hit of caffeine on-the-go . but , it 's unsweetened so be aware of that when grabbing one of these for on-the-go purposes.the flavor of the coffee is pretty good but slightly bitter so i ended up pouring it into a small cup and adding a bit of light sweetener and some milk . i think this will appeal to the people who prefer black coffee and want to have something readily available at a moment 's notice.pretty good , overall .
= a fan of illy but ...
< tasty but not great

> i did not find this drink special in terms of taste ; it is kiwi juice infused with carbonation , and a burst of strawberry . carbonation makes the juice acidic and produces stronger effect on taste buds than the fruit juice . it does not have any preservatives and it is gluten free , no sugar and no artificial flavors . i hope other reviewers find this drink a little more interesting.1.izze fortified sparkling juice , clementine , 8.4-ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) 2.the switch watermelon strawberry , 8.3 ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) 3.the switch black cherry , 8.3 ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) 4.the switch fruit punch , 8.3 ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) 5.the switch grape , 8.3 ounce cans ( pack of 24 ) 6.vita coco coconut water with passion fruit , 11.2-ounce containers ( pack of 12 ) 7.izze fortified sparkling juice , clementine , 8.4-ounce cans ( pack of 24 )
= carbonated kiwi juice in a can
< kiwi juice infused with carbonation

> i finally had to see what all the fuss was about . so was i happy when the hunger games ( yes , all 3 ) were available to rent for free on my kindle in conjunction with my prime membership . read the first book and was thoroughly entertained that the read was finished in a weekend . the following weekend i convinced the wife to sit through the movie with me . i 'm not sure what the critics are seeing here , but many people in our theatre cried at appropriate times , gasped in horror at appropriate times and perhaps even see the faintest plausibility of this actually happening somewhere in the world.if you have n't seen the movie or read the book , start with the book so you will be able to see what the movie left out . and if you have a prime membership and kindle , you get to enjoy the books for free !
= from kindle lending library to movie theatre seat in a week
< i 'm not sure what the critics are about !

> i could n't put down this eerie and unsettling fast-paced psychological thriller by the author of mystic river . two u.s. marshals are sent to ashecliffe hospital for the criminally insane on a small island off massachusetts in the summer of 1954 to investigate the disappearance of a patient . they must relinquish their guns and have trouble getting cooperation from the staff , especially the director dr. cawley.teddy daniels , the lead marshal , is having a hard time dealing with the death of his wife two years ago . he has an ulterior motive for wanting to be on the island . a hurricane hits the island preventing teddy and his partner , chuck aule , from leaving , but it gives them time to find out what is really going on after the patient mysteriously reappears . what is happening in unit c ? what is real and what is imagined ? it will keep you guessing until the end .
= keeps you guessing until the end !
< a eerie and unsettling psychological thriller

> fantastic flavor , non-gmo certified and certified organic- this is my new favorite coconut oil.honestly , the fantastic flavor is the main reason . i 've been using other brands for my cooking and this is so fragrant when it 's cooking and adds so much flavor that it 's impressive . want the best popcorn ever ? pop it in this oil and top it with your favorite salt ( i like himalayan pink on my popcorn ) and optionally melted butter . staying in for a movie night has never been better.it 's also good for cosmetic coconut oil uses , but right now i 'm using up my other coconut oil that way because this tastes too good not to use it in cooking . [ the product reviewed was provided to me at no cost for the purposes of review . i received no other compensation , and my review is my honest opinion of the product . ]
= fragrant and delicious for cooking
< my new favorite coconut oil.honestly

> my wife read this first and told me to read it . i did n't hesitate because i thought it looked interesting but i had no idea how much i would love this book ! clever , witty , heartbreaking and tragic , yet hopeful and just a great book ! it 's free from the smut that often bogs down contemporary literature and tells a powerful and memorable story . i 'd give it more stars if that were possible.i 'm a little surprised that this book is n't included in amazon 's `` best of fiction so far '' for 2008. what 's up with that , amazon ? i do n't doubt your other choices , since i have n't read them , but it 's been a long time since i 've been compelled to stay up until 1:30 a.m. to finish a book .
= i love this book ! ! ! !
< a great book !

> i have a kindle fire and refuse to put a screen protector on it..so of course my finger prints are all over the screen . this little eraser is wonderful ! it 's so simple , any woman knows that micro fiber is a wonder fiber ... that is what this is made of . it removes all smudges and smears and left the screen sparkling new . i also used it on my daughters laptop screen ... perfectly clean ! honestly this would be great to use on all monitors and tv screens . plus they donate a certain amount of each sale to charity ... and oh ... this is made in america ! ( ps . would be a great little stocking stuffer for anyone of any age who has any kind of screen to clean ) .
= ieraser tablet screen cleaner
< great for kindle fire !

> amazing , addicted and so beautiful story.mj did a fabulous job with the character development and storyline.i was hooked from the beginning . the story had my full attention and could not put it down.this was definitely a great book and i & # 8217 ; ll be looking forward to read more from mj in the future. & # 8807 ; & # 9684 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9684 ; & # 8806 ; 5 & # 10032 ; read & # 8807 ; & # 9673 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9673 ; & # 8806 ; & # 62 ; & # 62 ; & # 62 ; arc received in exchange for an honest review & # 60 ; & # 60 ; & # 60 ;
= amazing
< amazing !

> this book is good . am actually surprised because i 've had it on my kindle for a while , and did not just have the nudge to read it . especially since it is a 3 books series and the book 1 just came out . then i read it and it is simply awesome . i like the plot , i like the intrigue thrown in . so far so good.i hope the rest of the series live up to the challenge . the h and h are so far behaving exactly as expected , no slosh those two.i will surely recommend this book . why deduct 1 star ? that was a cruel cliff hanger , but of course now i can dive into the second book .
= wow , simply wow ! ! !
< i like it

> i have had many other south beach bars , but this one missed the mark for me . i gave it 3 stars as there will be others who will love it . the bar is small ( 35 gm ) and has 140 cals. , 45 of them coming from fat , not such a good thing , as one really is not enough in my book . it does have 9 gm . of protein , but it also has 7 gm . of sugar ... the carb count is 16 gm . with a net carb count of 13 after you subtract the gm of fiber . i did n't care for the taste , it was n't peanutty enough for me .
= south beach diet protein fit cereal bar , peanut butter
< not bad , but not great

> some women just `` glow '' in the heat . i 'm not one of those women . i sweat . a lot . my favorite deodorant is stillsecret clinical strength advanced solid , all day fresh , 1.6-ounce bottle ( pack of 2 ) . however , for the non-summer months , when i 'm not in the water 24/7 , i am very happy with the results i get fromsecret clinical strength , light and fresh scent-advanced solid 1.6 oz ( pack of 2 ) , even for trips to the gym where i almost kill myself on the treadmill and elliptical . my hair is wet with sweat after working out , but i still smell good !
= excellent deodorant !
< great for the gym

> book # 59 read in 2013the ocean at the end of the lane by neil gaimana middle aged man returns to his childhood home for a funeral . he begins a journey down memory lane , where he remembers a scary monster who tried to possess him , a family of witch-like woman who helped save him and the tribulations of a growing boy . this book was in turn creepy and a coming of age story . it had horror , a paranormal aspect , mystery and great writing . the main character was interesting . the hempstock women were an interesting crew of powerful females . this was a decent read. [ ... ]
= the ocean at the end of the lane
< creepy and interesting

> i was in charge of preparing some posters for a charity auction . i had to attach cutouts to heavy duty poster board . instead of applying directly to the posterboard , i used the dispenser to directly apply the adhesive to the cutouts and then attached the cutouts at predetermined contact points on the poster . worked like a charm ! very clean and easy to use , it definitely affixed the cutouts solidly . they were n't going anywhere . i liked this product and could see using in for scrapbooking or photo albums . i appreciated the total lack of mess and gluey residue .
= easy , fast , and no gluey mess
< very clean

> beck is gorgeous and well we love dee . i found their story just as good as the others . i found dee a bit monotonous at the first third of the book but it got better . their story was well worth the read ! i am not sure who 's story or even if this series is more than a trilogy but i would love maddox story and am really interested in asher 's story too..left a lot unanswered on both these 2 .
= great addition to a great series
< beck is gorgeous

> i used this with a heat cap . after 10 minutes and a rinse , the comb slid right through . usually the tangles require almost as much care and patience as a surgical procedure.it has a 'shea butter ' scent.but the fun part ... .it comes out of the tube like two-flavor soft serve ice cream.gimmick ? yes.fun ? who does n't love a giggle in the shower ? !
= smoothes out tangles
< works well , but not great

> this book was fan-friggin-tastic ! ! ! oh my , the chemistry that nat & luke have was out this world ... .. just wow ... . what a great book . ca n't wait to go purchase the next book about jules . well done kristen proby ! ! ! you have yourself a new fan ! ! !
= just wow , excellent book ! ! !
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i took these bars on a recent camping trip and was disappointed in how unsatisfying they are . after about half an hour i was hungry again . they are tasty , kind of like a stepped-up nutri grain bar , but i would rather have the extra 20-30 calories and be more satisfied .
= not very filling
< tasty , but not great

> this was so so wow from start to finish . rush and blaire are just perfect for each other . i do not to spoil it for all future readers , so just buy it you will not regret it . ca n't wait for book 2 ! !
= wow ! ! !
< wow

> this series is ridiculous good . i completely love these characters and literally can not wait to read the next book . i want to dig deep inside sean 's head and find out what is going on in there . excellent read ! 6 stars .
= love love love sean ferro
< awesome series !

> remy is such an alpha and yet so warm and fuzzy . having a clearer perspective on remy and his feelings only enhanced this series that much more .
= love
< remy is a great series

> i love this series . i had them on my nook . i brought them again for my kindle . love nicky charles .
= the keeping
< love

> at the end of the 19th century a young aspiring bohemian brit , christian ( ewan mcgregor ) , moves into montmartre , a parisian district , to begin to write about love . despite christian 's awareness of his lack of experiences in love he sets out to try to conquer the world with his ambitions . however , christian 's writings are momentarily stopped as he is interrupted by his neighbor 's theatrical rehearsals , which leads him into an acting career . christian 's new career leads him into the glamorous night club moulin rouge where all decadent behaviors have a haven . it also opens up the doors to love and strong affection as christian falls in love with satine ( nicole kidman ) . this love affair is the beginning of a romantic tragedy as christian and satine have to fight for each other and their never-ending love.moulin rouge is visually stunning and aurally delightful as it displays one of the most ancient themes of art and theater . the colors and music that luhrmann uses project a feeling of desire of our inner most secrets . these feelings are openly expressed as they are displayed on the screen with a relaxed attitude , which enhances the audience 's willingness to embrace the story . the songs that are sung in moulin rouge are flirtatious as they express the ideas , feelings , and values of the film . in the end , luhrmann creates a marvelous cinematic experience , which will be remembered for a long time .
= marvelous cinematic experience of never-ending love ...
< a marvelous cinematic experience

> now that all of our summer blockbusters have become nothing but comic book super heroes , some of them still deliver a great time.iron man is one of them.i used to get iron man comics as a kid but he was n't as popular and iconic as superman or batman . in fact , i ca n't remember any of the villains from his comics , but he had a cool suit and the artwork was as topnotch as the best of marvel during the 70s.the film version definitely has as much to offer as the best of the super hero movie . the script is tight , the characters are fleshed out , the humor is funny and genuine , the special effects and production values are topnotch . robert downey jr. brings a lot to the role of tony stark and you almost believe the role was written just for him.iron man leaves you wanting more . and since it made a gigantic pile of money , i 'm sure we 'll be seeing more of him.be sure to stick around for a short scene following the end credits ( this past summer 's the incredible hulk also featured a post-credits scene of tony stark popping up as well ! ) .and , was it just me , or did everyone think that was kris kristofferson every time jeff bridges showed up ?
= even in our super hero glut , this is a great movie
< the best of the super heroes

> this is one of the funniest movies i have seen in a long time . i was laughing so hard that i cried at the parody of & quot ; the matrix & quot ; fight scene . someone compared it to & quot ; princess bride & quot ; . i agree that both are great funny family movies , but that 's as far as the comparison can go . shrek has it 's own original flavor . i did n't feel like i was seeing a remake of anything else . which is quite a fete considering the number of animated and other stories out there . i was happy with the mix of actors used for this movie . myers , murphy , diaz , and lithgow did great jobs . they worked well together and made a fantasy have believable characters . i was impressed with how well michael myers pulled off the scottish accent . as we know some actors/actresses ( i.e . kevin costner in robin hood ) ca n't do foreign accents . the movie pokes jabs at a number of disney and other movies and there is so many off hand remarks that it will take several viewings to catch them all . i certainly intend to buy the dvd and i highly recommend you get it .
= shreksterical
< the best of the bunch

> i have cereal on most mornings and tday it was kay 's naturals turn . i poured the cheerios look-alike into a small bowl and poured in some no-fat milk . just like cheerios the kay 's cereal floated up the bowl and onto the counter . in short order the cereal absorbed some of the milk , settled back down into the bowl , and i sampled a spoonful . i love honey and almonds but could not taste either one . i could get more taste if i ate a chopped up paper plate . as i continued to eat this epitome of blandness i noticed that i was getting a welcome feeling of fullness which i do n't usually get fron 1.2 oz of most other cereals . i eat cereal mostly with just milk and no other embelishments . however , i plan to head over to bj 's and get some bananas and berries to add to the other 5 packages of kay 's to give it some much needed help in the taste department . other than the total lack of taste i find nothing bad about this cereal but all things considered it is not worth a buck and a half per 1.2 oz bag to me .
= fake cheerios
< not bad , but not great

> i only recently watched this for the first time . i know people and critics rave about it constantly , and i was curious to see if all that praise was justified . well , i saw it and yes , its an extremeely good film . the acting is flawless , the script hole-free and really keeps you interested throughout the whole film . the story is a simple , but engaging one and i really could find no fault with it whatsoever . that said , i 'm not sure if i would call this the greatest film ever , or even in the top three , but its certainly up there . i was debating whether to give it 4 stars or 5. while i loved the film , i did n't really love it , but for such a flawless film , i finally settled on the 5 star rating , which is something i do n't do that often . if there is anyone who has not seen this yet ( like me up til a few days ago ) i would definately recommend you watch this .
= a great , solid drama
< a good film , but ... .

> the last anti-glare screen protector i got for my kindle fire was awful . i was slightly reluctant to try another one at all , but the bubble free installation had me intrigued.ill start out by saying that the bubble free installation was n't only true but it was surprisingly easy . i just wiped off my kindle screen and applied the protector.what 's more impressive is that there is n't a huge pixellation problem like the last one i tried . it does great outside allowing me to read with ease and it really is more smudge resistant from what i have seen so far.the price is somewhat steep considering you only get one , but if you can wash dry and reuse multiple times then it may be worth it . i have n't had to clean it like that so only time will tell if that statement holds true.overall a great product so far i 'm very impressed with the quality , i would recommend this to other readers who not only read outside but may also subject their kindle to dirty fingers *cough ... kids ... cough..cough* .
= moshi is much better
< great quality , great quality

> well-made , easy to assemble large moving box . no tools needed . i fumbled a bit with folding out the first one , but once i figured out how it worked , it was a surprisingly simple process.be careful to observe the recommended contents ( lightweight bulky items ) , since there is no center support on the bottom ( ie , where tape goes on traditional boxes ) . the stamp on the bottom of the box rates the box to 65lbs but i 'd be uncomfortable going to even half that.one major quibble : it 's not cheap , especially if you have meories of growing up scrounging for free/cast-off moving boxes like i do.two nice green kudos : it breaks down for storage/re-use with little effort ( and no cutting ) , and has 65 % recycled content ( though it 's unclear how much is post-consumer ) . the tabs that hold the `` lid '' shut seem they may break off if the box is used many times , but over-all solid and recommended .
= never tape a moving box again
< well-made , easy to assemble

> you 're trapped in an airline seat with your laptop and the battery has run out . you 've got a winning idea for your business , but nowhere to put it on paper . with 3m 's convenient laptop note dispensers there 's a place to write a note that is n't far away.each packet comes with three differently colored slim dispensers ( my packet had a girly pick , a neutral lime-green , and a manly striped gray ) that stick to your laptop , putting the post-its close-at-hand for when you need them . each packet comes with three refills of 20 post-its each , for a total of 60 post-its per packet.afraid the dispenser will leave a gummy mess on your laptop once you remove it ? have no fear ! the dispenser sticks firmly , but when you 're done with it , or want to change colors , it comes off cleanly , leaving no messy residue behind.each dispenser is refillable with r330-lnd , regular-sized post-its .
= providing post-its when you need them , where you need them
< a post-its

> i have tried several of the products in secret 's clinical protection line . the big difference in them seems to be the scent . they seem to work about the same . that is better than your standard deodorant . even in the sticky southern summers , this product seems to do the trick . it has a light , pleasant scent . if you want people to smell your deodorant , this product is not for you , but if you want great protection without a strong scent , this one is great . the only downside is the size of the container . the clinical protection lines tend to be a little more expensive and come in smaller packages . i guess that is what you give for the increase in protection . overall , i would definitely recommend it !
= works great !
< great protection

> speed stick gear fresh force antiperspirant & deodorant has a light , fresh , clean smell . this a solid , white stick deodorant . it dries quickly when applied but will leave a white residue if you get it on your clothes.i like the fresh force scent much better than clean peak but i 'm not a fan of either . clean peak smelled very much like laundry detergent and was too strong . i have asthma and allergies and i could n't tolerate the fragrance in clean peak.i apply deodorant everyday after showering . it 's a habit that i 've had for 40+ years . this may well work for 48 hours for some individuals but i 'm not taking that chance living in a very hot and humid environment . i will continue to apply antiperspirant everyday after showering .
= light fresh fragrance
< speed stick gear fresh force antiperspirant

> these labels do what they have to : they adhere well once removed from the page , which means they also adhere well to the sheet until removed and do n't get stuck in the printer , yet have a feature which makes them easy to peel off , which can help preserve your fingernails and sanity when you 're addressing many , many labels in a short period.what distinguishes these 3m labels from the others out there is the detailed instruction sheet on how to use them , with precise directions on how to find the needed template , from the 3m website or in word . there is also a web link to a faq page . the labels are also compatible with the avery template , if you 're switching brands after using that other brand first .
= hand-addressing is so 20th century !
< easy to use , easy to use

> a genuine godsend ! baby food that not only tastes good ( and yes , you might snitch a taste ) , but is good for your baby ! it is a nutritious pouch of healthy foods that will teach babies good eating habits and develop a taste for healthy natural foods.among this product 's many good points include that you do n't have to worry about high carb counts and sugar and your child is eating a balanced meal . the names of the purees are reflective of the health properties , such as organic spinach , ascorbic acid and the organic fruits . with baby gourmet purees , you are feeding your child real food and not sugar or articial sweeteners or fillers . kudos to baby gourmet for their honesty in marketing and labeling .
= getting off to a nutritious start - delicious & nutritious
< a godsend !

> i have been waiting for this for years . any self respecting movie fan knows these movies and how good they are . our fan would know how much they have influence the movie industry and the fantasy/adventure genre in general . this fan would also know the advantages to having them on dvd.i wo n't go into the long description other reviews have . needless to say , you have to own this as part of a complete dvd collection . these films are timeless ! without this triology , lord of the rings might not have been done . buy it , but wait around for a good deal . you 've waited so long already , a little longer wo n't kill you . `` may the force be with you ... .. ''
= it 's about time ... .
< may the force be with you ... ..

> director christopher nolan wipes the slate clean in regard to comic-book adaptations . one of this decade 's essential films , `` the dark knight '' expands upon the batman mythology by emerging as a character-driven , psychological crime drama . nolan 's gotham city represents a bleak world view with little hope - a mirror image of bush 's america . the late heath ledger delivers an astonishingly detailed performance as the joker ( his talents will be sadly missed ) , yet the entire cast is excellent . special kudos to gary oldman 's commissioner gordon and aaron eckhart 's doomed harvey dent . `` the dark knight '' surpasses all expectations with its seamless fusion of visual bravura and incisive storytelling . a big-screen event all too rare in today 's cinema .
= bleak masterpiece
< the dark knight

> i think i converted ! our toddler son has chubby legs and a chubby booty . we purchased pampers for the last 6 years ( 2 kids ) , because i like that they are not as bulky as huggies . i was able to try this box of huggies little movers and i love the fit for our son 's body shape . i think these would not be great for a toddler built like a stick figure , but for our son the shape is right on . we had recently been experiencing leaks with pampers baby dry . we went through 96 huggies without any leaks . i will be buying huggies for this little guy from now on .
= i used to only purchase pampers .
< huggies and huggies

> kylie scott really brings mal 's character to life in this book . he is dealing with a serious issue that he is hiding from . anne has yet again found herself having been used by her roommate who stiffed her with the bills and left . mal and anne find each other at the right moment to give the other what they need . mal needs someone to ground him and anne needs someone to make her laugh . together they are great . anne comes out of her shell somewhat and gives mal the strength to deal and not hide from what he is facing . good read and a great way to spend an afternoon .
= i liked it .
< mal and anne

> a thin layer of peanut butter serves as the `` icing '' on this crunchy bar . i do n't care for the little bit of mess that makes on my fingers when holding it , but it 's such a thin layer , it really is n't that much of a bother.the texture overall is similar to that of a very compact crispy rice bar . the flavor is not as sweet as a crispy rice bar , of course . overall the flavor is not overwhelming , and makes for a good snack .
= crunchy and compact
< crunchy and tasty

> i was disappointed with this item . perhaps my expectations were too high . i had read elsewhere that this tasted like a starbux product . i have to say that this illy item falls short , not by a little but by a lot.overall , the coffee drink is very poor quality . its taste is bitter , and its texture is grainy . i have had instant products that taste much better . glad to have tried it , but i almost could n't finish it and will never be having again.sorry .
= disappointed
< not bad , but not great

> from start to finish , this dvd is just magnificent.the sound is engineered superbly , and you absolutely must have 5.1 surround to comprehend things.the cast is great , but the fx are beyond great.this version of the film includes few extras ( technically one major one ) , but the scenes are just brilliant , and each eye-popping surprise is just excellent.aurally , and visually , a stunning work , that is worth every penny for the dvd . crank up the sound too ... the opening credits are just great .
= superb dvd
< a great sound , but a great movie

> from the widespread raves , you 'd think this fairly thin coming of age tale was shakespeare . it 's not . it 's an adaptation of a book i never read , but the title was slapped onto the movie to help sell it without any true reference to it in the film . meryl streep is the one to watch here . her performance is outstanding . but the rest is rather cliched slapstick . i expected something more sophisticated . silly me .
= less than expected
< not bad , but not great

> probably my favorite storyline of the series , it was great to se beau and ethan get their heas . i will say , i learned more about the intricacies of mm sex than i needed to know , but it was well handled , and added to the intimacy of the scenes , because there was such an emotional connection between the two men . great read , but i 'll warn that the mm sex scenes may be offensive to some readers .
= ethan ( 4 in ai series )
< great read

> my three dogs tell me that waggin ' train has come out with another hit in treats for dogs . i have a hard time telling them no when they want more than the package says they should have each day ... and let 's face it sometimes i do give in . this is a quality product and one that i do feel good about giving to them . highly recommended for your dogs too .
= waggin ' train can do no wrong
< my dogs love waggin ' train

> i was pleasantly surprised by this book . the characters were very enjoyable , the plot was mildly predictable yet still heartfelt , and the pace was somewhat slow and gradual but in a good way . i wished the epilogue spoke more about some of the other characters as well as showed further into nora and leo 's future . other than that , this was a really good book and i definitely recommend it .
= really good
< pleasantly surprised

> i was not impressed . the ginger taste was too muted . this tea was way too earthy for me . it reminded me of steeping random dried leaves and twigs from my yard -- no , i have never steeped yard vegetation , but that is what came to mind . i also used this when brewing a batch of iced tea and did not like it any better .
= wo n't use again
< too earthy

> oh just the best ending to a great series ... so happy that i found this book ... my jack henry is all grown up now ... lol ... .i read a review where they said there was no need for part three , well i do n't agree because the story had a great flow to it ... loved it
= not disappointing at all..loved it
< loved it

> i 'm hooked ! i hate that she leaves us hanging at the end but i 'm still hooked ! jesse is the epitome of bad boy . oh so sexy ! he keeps being dealt crappy hands in the game of life but niki seems to be his saving grace . anxiously awaiting the next installment !
= love me some jesse !
< hooked !

> as smooth as a razor could possibly get . it is light , mobile and easy to use . it fits nice in the hand and shaves great in the shower . love that 5 blade head . the easy hanger it comes with makes it convenient to store .
= close shave and easy to hang in the bath
< smooth

> i just discovered these books and man can i tell you i have fallen in love with the men from corps security . if you want a hot sexy read with great characters and steamy sex look no further than this series .
= hotter than the first one
< hot sexy hot

> a good ending to chloe and drake 's story . i do n't think that i liked this book as well as i did torn , but it was still a good read .
= good read
< good

> i found this book to be a true love story . ca n't wait for the sequel ! ! ! ! i wonder how the next story will go ? ? ? ?
= a true love story
< love

> i enjoyed reading this book . i wish it ended different . i would love a sequel to this book . i love reading about all the characters .
= i enjoyed reading this book !
< great book

> the soldiers experiences need to be remembered . the survival tales marveled at . whether exaggerated or not the story is a amazing .
= the ability to survive
< the soldiers

> this is good for work ; it 's basic black , leatherette and antibacterial . i notice our keyboards get grubby . so this is good to have a leatherette that can be wiped down now and then , rather than a stretch knit cover , which is how some gel supports are covered . i prefer this leatherette for cleaning , though i like the feel of gel-under-fabric better for comfort.the wrist pad has a membrane you peel off the first time you use it . the underside is sticky but not gummy -- it stays put on your desk and does n't slide around . the leatherette is easy to wash or give it a quick squirt of even hand sanitizer . the gel is nice and supportive under the wrists . it is a bit firmer than others i 've used , but i actually like it better than my last wrist pad . i typically use a wrist-rest mouse pad such as the3m large mouse pad with gel wrist restthat is similar to the leatherette of this keyboard rest . *update : i 've had this for over a year and a half , and it remains my favorite wrist rest ( if i do n't use a wrist-rest plus mouse pad combo . ) i like the fact i can wipe it down . it is not as soft as the gel pads covered with knit nylon fabric but it is very durable and the non-stick side keeps it from shifting on the desk . if you can live with the firmness of this pad , it is a good addition to your desk and keyboard . these ergonomic devices are very individualistic ; depending on how you sit and hold your hands , some may be more comfortable than others . if this does n't work , try a different conformation until you find a good support .
= a bit firmer than i 'd like but a decent wrist rest
< good for work , but not as good as the wrist rest

> i loved cormac mccarthy 's book no country for old men and thought the movie plays true to the book . it does n't pull any punches , does n't sell itself out or wind up in a hollywood fantasy ending . it is stark , violent , desperate and a bit nostalgic . an old time county sheriff ( tommy lee jones , brilliant in a laconic way ) yearns for the days when the bad guys could be contained and caught without alot of violence . he could always solve a case without every using a gun but these days there is no limit to the violence ( embodied by javier bardem 's brilliant portrayal ) . josh brolin 's character is out hunting and comes across a drug deal gone bad with bodies littered across the stark desert . a lone man is alive and begs him for water but he does n't have any and takes off after finding a bag of money . but his conscience tears at him and he does the unthinkable even though he knows it is a stupid thing to do . he goes back to the scene of the crime to bring water to the man who by now is dead and he is seen by the drug bosses and the chase begins . my wife never really liked the movie , too violent and too abrupt of an ending . but like i said having read the book i think the film is brilliant and the best adaption of a cormac mccarthy book i 've seen . any adaption of a mccarthy novel is close to impossible but the coen brothers have done it !
= true to the book..
< the best adaption of a cormac mccarthy book

> i love post-it 's . i use post-it 's about five times a day to help me remember things to jot quick notes . so i was excited to try out a new kind of dispenser . problem is , i 'm kind of cheap and a bit lazy . so looking around to figure out where to buy the non-standard post-it 's that fit in this dispenser ( the sticky side alternates on these pads ) and paying extra for them ( ca n't find those at costco ! ) is kind of a drag.then , the dispenser is a wall-dispenser . i sort of thought it could just sit on my desk or something , but it really needs to be mounted to function well . i 'm happy to do that , except - the dispenser ? plastic . tacky . with lime green and aqua blue stripes on the white , plastic thing . i 'm not really willing to potentially ruin my walls to put up something tacky and ugly , no matter how much i love the ease of a grab and go post-it dispenser.if you have a decor where you wo n't be offended by a white plastic dispenser on the wall , and you do n't mind seeking out fancypants post-it 's , then the dispenser works great . it 's easier than using both hands to pull off a normal post-it , you just grab and one comes off . one-handed ! i like that functionality a lot , i just wish somehow we could have that without having to have an ugly dispenser .
= uses non-standard post-it 's and plastic dispenser is tacky
< great for post-it 's

> i really like coffee , but overall i would rate this as `` okay '' tasting - it is very strong , and has a bit of a bite in the flavoring that made me get a piece of gum to get the taste out of my mouth . after a couple of sips , i was done and would rate it a 3 out of 5 stars.i opened this can up in the office , and passed around small sampler cups to my co-workers to get their thoughts as i work with several coffee connoisseurs . three women and one man said they thought it was good , and the three women would rate it a 4 on a 5 scale while the man said he would rate it a 3..another man who typically buys and enjoys the starbucks canned beverages said he would rate it a 3 out of 5 stars.including myself , none of the test subjects hated it but everyone said the same thing - while they thought it was good , none of them believed it was `` good enough '' to make them want to go out and purchase some . when i asked why , they had the same impression i had in that the coffee place downstairs was better none of us were really compelled to add this to our regular routines and shopping lists.one thing to note is there is a lot of sugar in this 6.4 ounce can : 10g ! the sugar and the caffeine combined should give you a little kick in the afternoon if that is what you are seeking .
= it was just ok and not very special
< strong , strong , and strong

> if you read the book ( and liked it ) you 'll probably like seeing this movie , if not , well , probably wait till it 's a rental , at the very least.as for the christain bashing thing , well , if this was a movie about islam , well , never mind , that movie would never be made , at least not a hollywood film of this nature . but heads would roll , literally , it is ever was.anyway , i 'm a christain and i think the beliefs held by some of the characters in the book and movie are totally wrong , obviously , however , that does n't lead me to want to not hear what people on the other side are claiming or belive in.i do n't think it 's a sin to see the film or read the book . i also believe the ideas espoused by some of the characters are totally bunk ( much like an al gore film about the end of the world ) .if you have n't read the book , you 'll probably be a bit lost in the movie , it 's a bit slow at places and kind of confusing , maybe you should talk to someone that has read the book and get an overview before going to see it . or read the book , brown is a solid story teller and i think angels and demons will make an even better film ( i thought it was a stronger story in novel form ) .
= did you read the book ?
< not bad , but not great

> i 'm sorry but i just did n't like this novel . i 've never read a simple plan and the reason that i elected to read this novel was the glowing recommendation it received from stephen king . now , i 'm a huge stephen king fan , and i 'm a fan of horror in general as well , so i should be the target audience for this book.i 've been burned by other stephen king-recommended books before ( ghost story ) but i was still willing to give this a shot . according to the master , the ruins would do for mexico what jaws did for long island . well , in all fairness , i 've read jaws - and this is no jaws.michiko kakutani accurately describes the monster in the ruins as a cross between alien and audrey ii of little shop of horrors . kakutani ( unfortunately ) seems to think that such a novel is inherently worthless . i disagree . stephen king 's novels ( indeed , fantasy literature in general ) spring from such ideas , but king makes his stories real by using both fully-realized , three-dimensional characters , and his formidable powers of description . i did n't find that here . the prose is kind-of dead and the characters lifeless . the result is that the reader does not become fully engaged when this group of young people are put in their terrible situation ; instead of being terrified , i just felt sad . i found the ending especially disappointing .
= there is n't even a ruin in the book ...
< i just did n't like it

> wow pretty much sum 's this book up for me.so much going on i actually lost sleep over it ! ( i should have just stayed up and finished it ) author colleen hoover really thought of everything even down to the name of the book `` hopeless '' which really was clever . this emotional ride is heart wrenching and warming at the same time . horrible acts happened but the bond between two people only got stronger as all the secrets came out . there were parts of the book that i was thinking what the hell was holderdoing but as their story progressed everything made sense . a lot going on in this book a page turn all the way through.no raunchy sex so some tender love making.my heart was full of love with this one.quotes : '' i went from wanting to lick his dimples to wanting to get the hell away form him . `` `` my body is a damn traitor . `` `` i expect one of them to at least ask six why she attacked me , but they do n't . this just goes to show how much they love her . they would n't even care if she beat me up , they 'd tell mei probably deserved it . `` check out my blog iloveladyporn.com for more reviews and giveaways !
= i want to lick his dimples too !
< wow !

> taste test : i expected this to be a big hit with the dog but in fact , he seemed rather cavalier about it ... somewhat more excited than a bowl of plain dry kibble but less than his canned food which makes sense given the fact that this is a moist type kibble product.tummy test : we have special needs dogs so always introduce new foods slowly and carefully however , after several days of feeding , this seemed to upset the stomach of one dog . now , to be fair , he tends to have a delicate stomach and is prone to upset but after reviewing the ingredient list , i think it is probably the soy . it was the only thing immediately different . frankly , giving a dog soy does n't make a lot of sense to me ... it seems like a far inferior protein source for a dog who is clearly not vegan but a carnivore to begin with.price test : given the price per pound and the stomach upset , i would not be likely to buy this product again . it may be acceptable for a pet less prone to stomach upset but it makes me wonder over the wisdom of the soy .
= dog tentatively approved of taste but upset stomach
< taste test : i expected

> we have had a problem with squirrels chewing through our electric line that controls the motor for our retractable awning . the repair was quite expensive . the motor and lines are adjacent to a rain gutter and the squirrels made a nest near the motor using materials including the fabric on our outdoor furniture . i really enjoy the little rascals and did n't want to do them any harm , but finding an organic repellents is n't an easy task . this product is made by havahart , the company known for its humane critter traps . the unit is a blessing because it has a battery powered sprayer and it is ready to use . there is no mixing of chemicals and it does not need to be attached to a garden hose , etc . the batteries are included . for those with large areas to protect , the hand grip is very comfortable . each application is supposed to last three months . since we just got this unit , only time will tell if our electric cable will deter the critters . the active ingredients include `` putrescent whole egg solids , capsaicin and related capsaicinoids , garlic ... ''
= organic repellent-squirrels , rabbits , deer
< works well , but expensive

> highly riveting film with a super performance by both russell crowe and ed harris . even though the director changed john nash 's life a great deal to make it a more entertaining movie.john nash , a genius who came up with a business model that was adopted by many businesses , is a social oddball that is so dedicated to his studies that he has absolutely no concept of social skills . he finds it a task to even make the slightest bit of conversation with a female . the only person he seems to get along with is his college roomate ( later we find out that this roomate is not what he seems ) . his genius attracts a government agency that employs him briefly as a code breaker . there he meets ed harris , who is not what he seems either . ed has him working on top secret work that involves breaking secret transmissions from the russians.everything then starts to unravel and we learn the truth about the people that seem to influence john the most.crowe gives a super performance in probably the role he was born to play !
= a great film !
< a great performance

> livvie is still very much in love with our hottie caleb she proves that over and over again , `` never see you again ? how stupid could you be ? you ca n't just walk into my life and expect to leave me again . i wo n't let you , caleb . not this time . '' obviously both livvie and caleb have issues to work out but that 's probably why we love these two so much , unlike caleb livvie lays it out there , `` we 're seriously more effed up than anyone else i know . '' they still have that chemistry that is there , `` in your effing dreams , kitten . but if it 's spanking you enjoy , allow me to indulge you . '' i 'm glad we got closure on these two even though they 're story is sick , twisted , and totally effed up , i read between the lines and realized you can find love anywhere and even though i hope i do n't find it the way livvie did i do hope to find it .
= caleb
< i love this series !

> this movie had potential , but turned out to be so beyond far fetched , one could n't get past the plot . it has the blair witch project type of filming . with a guy video taping aliens attacking . okay , i can by that , but when they are after you , you 're not going to keep focusing on what 's going on , you 're gon na run like hell ! not to mention one of the females got bitten , and was supposed to be really injured to the point of dying , but boy did she have the strength to run fast , so fake . we let our kids watch this , and they even thought it was dumb . do n't waste your time on this movie . none of the people in it were big names , only strays for a low budget movie , and it really showed . too bad , this movie had great potential to be as big as war of the worlds , but was lost in the poor acting , and bad plot .
= cloverfield
< had potential , but still a good movie

> wow . this story will follow you long after you finish reading . i absolutely love dark and angsty books ( hello , captive in the dark and comfort food ) so the story line was perfect . the author takes you on an emotional roller coaster with this book and does not let up until the very last word . tess is a strong and willful character and never once gives in to her situation . her `` master '' q is just amazing , yes , i said it , dark , sexy , irresistible ... but there 's much more to the man and his background then meets the eye . there 's lots of very explicit sex , violence , slavery themes , bdsm and disturbing images in tears of tess but there 's also beauty , redemption , exotic locales and incredibly well-written characters . i can not wait for the next book from this author , which will be about q. this book is one of my top reads of 2013. do n't miss it .
= unforgettable characters and story !
< wow !

> i can not say enough great things about this book . it was so different from anything else i 've ever read . oh my i need a justice drake in my life . that man can make any woman feel sexy , confident , and seductive . this book opened my eyes to what men really want . as a wife of 16 years and a mom of three kids sexy is no longer in my vocabulary . but this book opened my eyes . i loved every single word . i could not read this book fast enough . and when i learned who justice really was i was shocked . omg never ever saw that coming . i just loved ally to . she is funny , smart mouthed , she snores , drools in her sleep , and is learning slowly to be sexually confident . justice opened her eyes and made her feel . i mean really feel . this is such a wonderfully different story line . i hated for it to end .
= unlike anything i 've ever read ! absolutely amazing !
< i loved it !

> max , my 23 pound corgi/terrier mix thought this chef michael 's dog food was just okay . he dove right in after eating his preferred soft food , but soon lost interest . he has n't shown much enthusiasm for this food since , so i can only conclude that he was n't all that impressed . subsequent feedings have resulted in him pushing things around with his nose a lot and avoiding the chunks that look like peas.it would be nice if this bag was reseal able in order to maintain freshness , as it is hard to keep closed . the nuggets were a good size for max , who had no trouble crunching them up . i will note that he has experienced no unexpected side effects from this food after receiving the recommended portion . he just has n't been as excited about this product as he is about other purina products we have tried .
= just okay
< just okay

> this is where i think that the series becomes dark and more serious rather than thefifth book . the first part is more cheerful with harry and his friends returning tohogwarts like the first three books started , still full of danger but it is when thebook gets to the picking of the names out of the goblet of fire were it takes aslight turn . instead of three names , there are four for the participants of thetriwizard tournament with harry potter 's name mysteriously added to it.ron does n't believe harry when he says that he did n't add his name to thegoblet every time ron asks how he did it . also through strange tasks andbattles , can harry survive ? and what awaits him in his dreams that bringsback the horror that created his scar ? must read ! fourth in series .
= a change to the dark
< the series becomes dark and more serious

> i let the can chill a few days and when it got to be 103 outside i thought now it is the time . i filled a glass with ice and poured it over . looked good until i tasted the first sip . i do n't even know how to describe it . strong for sure and like a bit a sweet was hiding in the background . so i tried adding some splenda to see if that would help , mmmm , just a tad . so i tried some soy milk which i like the taste of , nope not an improvement.overall it seemed acidic to me and mostly unpleasant . i was unable to drink more than a few sips . maybe the latte variety would be more to my taste , this not so much .
= loving iced coffee i was excited to try this .
< not bad , but not great

> i prefer the 25th anniversary dvd of the exorcist simply because it has much more stuff on it related to the film.i saw this version in the theatres when it was released and still enjoyed it . i thought the added images of the demon statues were distracting , but the 11 minutes of footage was interesting.remember when people smoked everywhere ? the hospital scenes where everyone , including the doctors , light up is almost funny now.the & quot ; spider walk & quot ; scene , which i 'd seen the rough footage for on the 25th dvd , still managed to make me jump when incorporated into the finished product this time around.this is still the greatest horror film ever made . god help us if they ever top this one .
= still the greatest horror film ever made
< the greatest horror film ever made

> spouse has quickly become a big fan of these new dove products with one or two minor exceptions . this requires a very small amount and goes a long way . the fragrance is quite subdued and minimal so as to not compete with cologne/other . he reports it is quite soothing to irritated skin . leaves face feeling soft albeit a bit `` rubbery '' . not oily and does n't seem to dry skin out even after repeated use . he does n't care for the package/bottle which resembles deodorant ( although it opens differently ) but it is convenient and easy to carry when traveling .
= light , very neutral and minimal fragrance , soothing
< good for a small amount of fragrance

> i totally loved this book . it was hard to believe that it was the author 's first novel . i read it in an afternoon ... even when i thought i had figured out where the story line was going ... i just could n't put it down . life is all about second chances and this book takes you there ... i loved the symbolism ... but my favorite part is the over coming of circumstances to come out on top . it is a must read for those who love the struggle and happy ending that can come through a strong `` love '' !
= loved this book ... .
< loved it !

> i like the look of these blades because they are just a flat blade without the large spring contraption that usually holds wiper blades . in spite of only having the spring tension bar that the blade rests on there was full contact on the entire curve of my windshield , even when i used this 19 '' blade on a ford ranger which normally uses 18 '' blades there was still full contact . the blade was quiet and worked great , and was also easy to install . these clear advantage blades may be a breakthrough in wiper blade technology .
= looks sharp
< great wiper blade

> i really like this coffee ! so nice , bold , and full body . the coffee is great for making expresso , it smeels so good and there is no aftertaste ! i enjoyed the first cup in the morning , so robust . i can only say that the price is a bit high for what i would like to pay . it was great to enjoy a good cup of coffee without heartburn . i would love to buy more if the price goes down a bit . overall , really good .
= no bitterness !
< great coffee !

> this drink tasted okay . i liked the option of trying a strawberry-watermelon flavor , since they are both favorites of mine in the fruit family . but , it is so sweet . as other reviewers have noted , there is a lot of sugar in the drink , even though they push the fact there is no corn syrup . if i were going to drink my calories ( which i tend to try not to do ) , i 'd try to find a fruit drink with less calories .
= a lot of sugar for a just okay taste
< okay

> seriously , at this price tag , it offers a decent bass line that does not sound 'tinny ' . there are 3 sets of ear plug sizes and they are snug and keeps them in the ear ! hence the snugness does offer some noise reduction , but not canceling ! i like the wire organizer , very easy to use . i actually used this both on the ipad and the ipod : works great with both !
= not bad for this price level and decent bass
< great bass line !

> well , if this is all natural you can have it ! the first thing you 'll notice is the can is only 8.3 ounces . the sugar is higher in this can than in a 12 once coke ! the soda is also too sweet and syrupy for my taste and i would advise all to leave this one on the store shelf , grab a coke and get your natural fix elsewhere !
= too sweet and syrupy for my taste !
< too sweet !

> this is great for connector for new apple devices . like the very short cord length . it 's a standard cord - meets expectations . will be great to use at work for powering up devices . my more tech savvy son says that this lightning connector is compatible with ipad 4 , ipad minis and iphone 5 and new devices .
= like it !
< great for new apple devices

> samantha and leo continue the hot in seattle series , there is a lot of interaction with characters from the other stories . there is one lingering trait in the series , the men are hot and protective to the nine of their women . k. proby is making sure you stay hooked and i 'm hooked . great series .
= rocking in seattle , oh yea !
< another great series

> i want to hurry up and write this review so i can keep reading part 2 ! ! ! the battle she faces between doing what others want and dong what she wants is completely relatable . kyra davis really leaves you hanging ! i ca n't wait to read the continuation !
= wow !
< wow ! ! !

> i really enjoyed this book . although i have enjoyed everything that i have read from this author . there was romance and drama and a hot lead singer . i also loved the band mates . i cant wait for the next book .
= really good
< great book

> i am so pleased , excited , comforted , overjoyed you name it ! this was a fantastic third book to this trilogy . it 's a must read ! ! !
= how do u describe perfection ?
< fantastic ! ! !

> wow this book is awesome i highly recommend it to read . the series is great so far . lisa renee jones rocks !
= great book !
< awesome

> a romance with lots of sex and interesting characters . you 'll find out what a group of loveable characters they care
= rock with me
< good

> finally available in the anamorphic widescreen format in sparkling blu ray ! ! ! the picture is crisp and smooth almost 3-d ! ! ! the same goes for the sound , simply amazing ! ! ! it looks and sounds even better than the 2001 remastered dvd which looked incredible as well , but this one is even better in every way ! ! ! there are a 3 new featurettes and the classic making of the shining documentary ( this was included on the original dvd 's as well ! ) that was direced by kubricks daughter vivian ( there is also a optional audio commentary by her as well , actually her commentary is much more enjoyable than the new feature commentary included with this new release ! ! ! ) the classic `` blood from the elevator '' teaser trailer is also included ! ! ! a very recomended blu ray disc ! ! ! a clockwork orange is also another great blu-ray from warner ! ! ! , blu 's of 2001 and full metal jacket are next on my wish list ! ! ! lets hope that other kubrick classics dr. strangelove , paths of glory , the killing , sparticus ( it did get a hd dvd release no blu , that was a real bummer ! ) , etc will get the royal `` blu '' treatment ! ! ! a+
= stanley kubrick 's the shining `` shines '' on blu-ray disc ! ! ! great job warner bros ! ! !
< finally available in the anamorphic widescreen format ! ! !

> i like cats . i like dogs . i just do n't like my neighbors ' cats and dogs using my flower beds for toilets or digging through my trash cans . therefore i ordered critter ridder . it has a strong peppery smell but i like pepper so it did n't bother me when applying . i would advise not using when windy out , though , because you might get a face full and i fear it would be like being pepper sprayed.the shaker container is easy to use . i sprinkled in my flower beds and so far ( two weeks ) no cat visits that i can tell . but then no rain either and i have spot watered so the repellent does n't lose its effectiveness . i also sprinkled some in and around my trash cans . one dog is pretty persistent and it has n't kept him away but it does seem to keep the other dogs away.i also have some ground squirrels that have burrowed under my storage shed so i sprinkled out there , too , and have n't seen any activity since i applied.i hope this continues to work and that i do n't need to apply too frequently because it is fairly expensive . but if it lasts at least thirty days as promised i will be happy and will continue to use it .
= critter ridder to the rescue
< i like it

> first impression , stila sounds more like a medicine name than the name of a cookie bar.the taste was fair at first , not enough fruit filling , and then a strange after taste , probably from the sorbitol ( sugar substitute ) .sorbitol is not an ingredient that i prefer in my foods as it does have some side effects : sorbitol can be used as a non-stimulant laxative via an oral suspension or enema . as with other sugar alcohols , gastrointestinal distress may result when food products that contain sorbitol are consumed . sorbitol exerts its laxative effect by drawing water into the large intestine , thereby stimulating bowel movements . [ 3 ] sorbitol has been determined safe for use by the elderly , although it is not recommended without consultation with a clinician.the crust or cookie portion is very dry and crisp to the point of being difficult to eat without creating a mess.the moniker `` cookie bar '' is a bit misleading as my resident expert on cookies , my 4 1/2 year old grandson tried one bite and promptly gave the stila bar back to me , exclaiming that it was `` yucky ! `` .there are better treats out there in this calorie range , so i would not recommend this item .
= dry and too `` crisp '' , nasty after taste .
< not bad , but not great

> i have loved both axel and cage but would have to say that beck is by far my favorite ! oppharper sloan has created such a great crew of characters that you ca n't help but get completely invested in each and every one of the men of corps security . and beck does not disappoint ! this well written and heartbreaking yet heartwarming love story of john beckett and dee kept me completely captivated . there were some very difficult moments and very sensitive subject matters that the author managed to present with such style and grace that you almost forget you are n't reading a true story.beck is yet another alpha male that will protect anyone he deems to be either family or friend of family . he has looked out for dee for a few years now even when she did n't want anyone to notice that her world was falling apart . he fights with everything he has to protect the woman he secretly loves and his unbelievable strength and devotion made me swoon.i truly enjoyed this sometimes very tragic book but it also made me smile often.i give beck a huge 5 stars and highly recommend both this wonderful read and the entire corps security series.you will not be disappointed !
= these best one yet !
< beck is my favorite !

> you 'd never know that the special effects juggernaut that is the day after tomorrow was based on a book by whitley striber , but the one thing you will know is that the never ending surge of cgi enhanced weather disasters are brought to you by the same team that brought us the special effects turkey independence day . there 's no point of going into the story since there is n't much of one to describe , just that denis quaid and jake gyllenhaal are wasted in their roles as a father and son who are caught in the middle of an end of the world-esque weather phenomina that catapaults the planet into chaos . make no mistake that the cgi effects are a sight to behold , and the day after tomorrow can be taken as a guilty pleasure , but other than that it 's as lame as it looks . those who want a mindless escape may want to check it out , but even then you are better off with something else .
= cgi overload
< the day after tomorrow

> i have to admit that i actually have never installed my own windshield wiper before this . it was always so easy to stop an an auto-parts store , and they would install the new ones for me before i left.i was just a bit apprehensive of doing it myself , but it literally only took me a minute or two to study the little pictures on the package and follow what they implied needed to be done.they 've been doing a much better job than what i had before , and they were easy to install . since the price is really good and they 've been holding up and consistently doing well for the time i 've been using them , i 'm giving these 5 stars for now . i do n't know for sure what will happen with them once they have to perform in really cold or snowy weather , but if there 's anything notable to add i 'll come back and update my reviews .
= better than expected
< easy to install , easy to install

> the elite eagle school trace gets into is something out of this world . as you get into the story you understand why it is the way it is . poor trace , she sure does take a beating being the new girl from a farm town . the best thing about trace is that she picks herself up and keeps on moving forward . when things start to develop between her and nixon i was not sure of his motives . turns out this is a romeo & juliette romance it just takes awhile for trace to learn about her past . no sex scenes but some hot make out sessions . much drama and the ending that leaves us with an unsure future for this gang especially trace & nixon.quote : & # 34 ; 'skittles ? ' he chuckled . 'what , you trying to taste my rainbow ? ' 'i love rainbows . ' i smiled. & # 34 ;
= craziness ! ! ! fantastic will keep you on your toes !
< the elite eagle school

> seven is a perfect movie . the casting is brilliant and the acting is just as wondeeful . morgan freeman and brad pitt star as cops after a serial killer killing in the style of the seven deadly sins . the script is just as brilliant.david fincher put together one of the best movies in the last ten years . it 's atmospheric , creey , and genuinely terrifying . a wonderful movie at that.the dvd is one of the best ever released , four ( 4 ) total commentaries featuring any and everybody that worked on this film . also included are featurettes , deleted scenes , two alternate endings , and plenty of other features.david fincher has impressed me with his directing , alien 3 ( two-disc collector 's edition ) , fight club ( two-disc collector 's edition ) , andpanic room ( 3-disc special edition ) were just as wonderful.this is a definite must have .
= one of the best thrillers ... ever
< the best movie of the year

> ethan hale is a vampire and fights for the coalition . fighting the & # 34 ; fallen & # 34 ; vamps gone bad . hundreds of years old ethan has given up on finding his mate . male vampires are born not created . human females that bear the same mark as their destined mate must call to him , before they reach thirty or they die.brianna cole is dying suffering from a rare form of leukaemia . at night while sleeping she senses an evil presence . her subconscious mind calls to her mate . ethan hears her call.this is a quick read , but it is a hot and sexy one . i liked ethan and brianna together , they complimented one another . the author manages to pack a lot of detail in for such a short story.arc provided by the author
= vampire coalition book 1
< hot and sexy

> this sensitive face lotion is pretty good . it does hydrate without causing any irritation , but if you have dry skin , it may need to be applied a few times a day . the moisturization seems to be fairly short lived.if you have `` normal '' skin , you can probably use it just once a day , but if you have dry skin , you may want to look into a different product . this is just a small tube , which is typical for a facial moisturizer , but if you 're applying more than once a day , it is not going to last very long.it is nice that it absorbs quickly , there is no greasy feeling and the skin does n't look shiny , but the moisturization just does n't seem to last too long .
= pretty good
< good lotion , but not for dry skin

> this story was super fun and sexy . i loved jake and nina . my heart broke for both of them because of the whole ivy situation . jake is an amazing guy and nina to be able to support him like she does is beautiful . i 'd like to say i would do the same but it would be extremely hard so who knows . the chemistry between nina and jake is explosive and left my insides doing flip flops . jake is super funny and sweet . his little poems and notes left me smiling so much my face hurt ... i absolutely loved this book . i did read gemeni and i liked it well enough but it does n't even compare to this book . jake undone left me undone and want more jake n nina .
= amazing . so much better than i thought .
< loved it !

> since a small child fishing with my parents i have loved sardines from the can ! king oscar is my favorite 'lil fish ' from a can . my parents would take the tuna along with saltines and this would be lunch while having fun on the rives we fished . you will find about 15 tiny fish in this can packed in extra virgin olive oil ... drizzle on a bit of vinegar and you have a fabulous healthy lunch or snack . we all need omega 3 's and calcium for our bodies ' health so get here from the 'lil fish ' ... just the best protein ! ! mine can from amazon this week so get yours there also ... eat healthy ! !
= king oscar sardines
< my favorite sardines ! !

> this story was a little slow in the beginning . there were a lot of back-stories to get through . but after about 90 pages it got going and held my interest to the end . readers who have a problem with the 'f ' word might be turned off here . i found its use over the top and tiresome ... .surprising from the author of harry potter . this story was not up there with the great mysteries but i found it easy to read and entertaining . i liked the characters and would consider picking up a book in the future that continues the lives of robin and strike .
= entertaining mystery
< a little slow

> these schick hydro 5 disposable razors are great for use in the shower and provide a very close shave , indeed . i had originally selected these for my use , but after receiving them decided that these would work better for women.my daughter has used these twice now on her legs , about a week a part , and reports that she likes the comfortable and easy to grip handle , the moisturizing strip that actually works , and the closeness of the shave . it is likely that these will last for at least one or two more shaves before needing to be replaced.recommended ! cfh
= works well on legs - recommended
< works well - highly recommended

> i found this razor to work really well , but do n't expect a miracle . shaving does n't take much time and does n't miss much ( but considering it has 5 blades , one would expect that ) . i get a few small cuts when i use it and experience a little stinging for a short time afterwards . with all of the commercials showing water blasting into one 's face , it does n't quite live up to that expectation . hydro is a really good razor but the advertising is n't very believable from my experience .
= hydro work really well , but do n't expect a miracle
< really good razor

> i like the fact that elizabeth made christian grovel for sometime before forgiving him for abandoning her five years prior . the abandonment itself was so cruel i do n't believe christian of 'lost to you ' will do that to his elizabeth . he came out as a total cad . still holding my breath for the next book . this ending is too perfect though . i love it . by the way how old is elizabeth ? christian asked her how it feels like to be 29 ? some editing omission ?
= good atonement
< i like it .

> i love the flavor of the marley coffee & tea one love organic coffee . to me it has a very rich aroma . i love the smell of this coffee . i love the taste also . it was n't too strong or too weak . the taste was just right . the taste was not in the least bitter and i did not have to add a sweetner or cream . it was als very easy to use , no measuring . just pop in one pod for one cup of coffee .
= mona lisa
< great flavor

> i generally tend to rate `` comic book movies '' more critically as i 've seen many great hero stories completely botched up ( catwoman and electra ... ugh ! ) - ironman is one of those movies that i initially though was going to be terrible . i was wrong.iron is absolutely spectacular ! the effects were great , the storyline was great , the characters ( along with all their virtues and flaws ) were believable ... i would highly recommend this movie to anyone ( especially comic book fans ! )
= this movie is awesome !
< ironman is absolutely spectacular !

> this story about the actions of a hurt child stays with you as you see the far reaching and horrific consequences on all invloved . a young girl makes a decision in a moment of selfishness - but hey , what adolescent has n't ? - and this small unretrievable act has momumental affects . no matter what she tries to do - for the rest of her life - she can never undo her wrong . makes you stop and think . atonement is beautiful and emotionally haunting novel .
= one of his best
< beautiful and emotionally haunting novel

> the classic fable `` never judge a book by its cover . '' a good lesson for people of all ages . there is both humor along with the moral though and it is very funny however there are a few references that you will be thankful that your kids do n't understand . this is a great one for mike myers and it is also the best eddie murphey movie in a long while . so alli can say isgo donkey and go shrek ! ! !
= great movie
< the best eddie murphey movie in a long time

> this cover very very good in all areas but one . the good areas : * amazingly easy to install bubble less* excellent antiglare properties* outstanding touch sensitivity* easily reusablethe one bad area ? it substantially diminishes the sharpness of the display . in fact , the diminished sharpness is so notable it made me want to take the cover back off while indoors . this is likely the reason the manufacturer suggests keeping the cardboard sleeve for storing the cover when removed .
= really good in all aspects but one
< excellent cover

> i would recommend vegetarians use this item along withjarrow formulas optimal plant proteins , 19 oz ( 540 grams ) to maintain a balanced diet . this would work for vegans too since b12 is a nutrient most vegans diets lack . i 've never tried the lozenge form of this , but it 's got a cherry flavor . i notice i tend to have more energy taking these .
= another winner
< good for vegans

> great movie ! i 've been waiting a long time for some really cool and different zombie movie . finally the dead are no longer slow walking brain seeking zombies that seem to be very easy to kill . this movie follows most rules about zombies and changing a few things , making the dead look rerally dangerous . it 's a very nice movie to see !
= great zombie movie
< great movie !

> of the best . i highly recommend playtex to all three of my daughters.i find the applicators to be of excellent quality . i also have never had any leaks with playtex , if you know your body and follow the guidelines.playtex gives me confidence whether hiking , biking , swimming or just having fun , i know it wo n't let me down !
= playtex is one..
< playtex is the best !

> we have been using pull-ups by huggies with disney characters on them , which are very cute for little girls . we found that seventh generation training pants worked just as well with no leaks , but they just are n't are pretty for little girls . they fit well , and like the diapers , they are chemical free .
= practical but not pretty !
< good for disney

> great book . first one i 've read by this author . great story and i loved the characters . brandon and spencer are the perfect couple . i hope they stay together in the next book . can not wait to read it . also curious to see what happens to brandon crazy ex christy .
= great book
< loved it

> wow . the story is not what i expected . great story . too short for my liking . but nonetheless great . pax was awesome . the scene with the paint will always be in my brain . wow . a must read
= simply breathless
< wow

> this is a great crisp apple snack that goes well with a cup of coffee or just as a quick snack during the day . this can be enjoyed by all . also a great value for the money .
= mona lisa
< great snack

> i liked this one but the writing seemed off in some parts . it was almost as if the author took a break between some scenes and the style changed . i still enjoyed this one though .
= like it but ...
< good

> these peanut butter south beach bars taste okay , but not great . i thought they were a little dry and gritty . i much prefer the fiber one bars for taste and texture .
= not bad , but not a favorite
< okay , but not great

> i love this game it is relaxing and challenging . i play it on every device . i love it when i make it to another level .
= candy app
< love it

> the cable is shorter than i would like for my purposes , but otherwise the product is adequate and performs as it should
= it falls a tad short
< good cable

> when i saw the email with the galley of remy i was beyond excited . i was jumping up and down like a kid . my sister looked at me like a was some crazy person . like i have lost my mind.but it did n't matter because finally i could be inside remy 's head . it was something i wanted since i was reading real.all the wait was worth because it was christmas present and birthday present all wrapped in one.in this novella told in remy 's pov we got to see past , present and future . when i say this i mean we got to see through remy 's pov since the moment he saw brooke , parts of mine and a little bit after mine finished.remy 's and brooke 's story is one of the stories you do n't want to end . you want it go on forever.there are n't just in love with each other . they are obsessed with each other . they are greedy for each other . they need each other more than next breath.their need , obsession , greediness for each other are raw , primal , carnal , intense , passionate , powerful.they are deeply , madly , crazy for each other.when they are n't touching each other and are just looking in each others eyes , they are stripping each other naked and thinking what naughty things they would do to each other.there were simply made for each other.the words ca n't describe how much i love remy 's and brooke 's story . how much it got under my skin and how i want it to stay there . how much i fell in love with their love.a sizzling perfection of a story about a fallen , broken fighter who found his meaning when he met the love and the realest person of his eternity. & # 8807 ; & # 9684 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9684 ; & # 8806 ; 5 & # 10032 ; read & # 8807 ; & # 9673 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9673 ; & # 8806 ; > > > arc received in exchange for an honest review & lt ; & lt ; & lt ; [ ... ]
= love
< remy 's pov

> i live in a town that worships salsa , hot sauce , and spice in general . we even have a store that sells nothing but hot sauces -- -hundreds and hundreds of 'em , dozens of which i 've tried . i also put cayenne on most everything i eat . i love the endorphins as well as the taste , and know that cayenne really aids digestion and heart health as well . i also grow a number of peppers in my yard ( nothing beats a pepper right off the tree ) .in short : i love peppers.but i do n't love this gringo . too vinegary , with a half-hearted spice . i do n't need maximum scovilles , but i do need maximum taste , and this stuff just does n't deliver . it 's for people who think sriracha and cholula and tabasco are serious sauces . which they are n't ; they 're the diet coke of hot sauces.to me the real test of a sauce is putting some in your mouth alone , and seeing how it tastes . if it 's good by itself , then it will make food even tastier . i do n't want to cover up any tastes from my food , i want to accent them . too much spice and all taste is gone , too little and it gets goopy . too much vinegar and you change the ph of the food as well , and the whole dish tastes off . gringo fails on both counts . it tastes bland and boring and blah by itself , and has n't made anything i 've added it to -- -eggs , fish , chips etc -- -any better than any average hot sauce.it ai n't bad , mind you , but to my taste buds it ai n't that good . still , each to their own , and if you like average , then here it is .
= meh . too vinegary and not enough pepper .
< i love peppers.but

> this is a book that you 'll want to read all at once . it is so compelling and the characters are so real that you will have a hard time putting it down . this story is told by jack , a five year old boy who has spent his entire life with ma in a small room being held captive by old nick . the story of their life together is powerful and haunting . the pacing is perfect and i do n't think i 've ever read a book that so perfectly captures the voice of a five year old child . jack is totally believable . there were moments that i so totally felt his terror that my heart was racing , and moments when his heartbreak seemed to leap off the page and become a tangible thing . there are times when jack 's observations are profound and others when he is such a typical five year old , you just have to smile . seeing ma through his eyes made her struggles seem all the more heroic.if it were possible to give more than five stars , this one would certainly qualify . the author has taken the opportunity to not only tell a good story , but to examine our society , our popular media , and our ideas on parenting . i had to wince when jack observes that most parents do n't actually seem to like their children . this book was an amazing read , one that will stay with me for a long time . do n't pass up the opportunity to get to know ma and jack and how they lived in room . you wo n't regret it .
= best book of the year
< a must read !

> from what i can remember when i read the book , the film stayed fairly true to the book ... which is very unusual . if you 've read the book , you wo n't be disappointed ! it 's the story of a young girl who moves to nyc to become a journalist but finds herself working as an assistant for a top notch fashion magazine , which is way out of her style league . the girl is a go-getter so she does what she has to do to make it work and ends up becoming the right hand ( wo ) man to the editor and chief changing her life ( for better or worse ) forever.the movie , even though trashed by some critics as `` shallow and unfulfilling '' , is sinfully delicious ! the key ingredient to the genius and brilliance of this movie is meryl streep , one of the best actors in the history of film . she plays the role of the editor-in-chief of the fake fashion magazine , `` runway '' , so well that she makes the entire movie a joy to watch . add that to the strong performances of anne hathaway and ( especially ) emily blunt , as the first assistant to streep , this movie is delightful to sit through.all in all , the story was n't anything deep , so just go and watch the movie for the great performances and the `` high-class '' laughs that it packs .
= delightfully sinful
< delicious !

> i tried following the directions but as hard as i tried i could not follow them , there is a twist handle with a ratchet mechanism that you are supposed to use to get this to work but i could n't get that to work in the way it needed to without having to push down hard and it was awkward , so i just ended up pushing down and turning this 360 degrees manually which was less awkward when i did n't have to use the turn handle if that makes sense . this method seemed to work although my results were a slightly mushed pineapple . i 'm not sure that the right way would n't have resulted in the same if i am required to use downward force . but if i am doing this totally wrong and no downward force is required then your pineapple will not be `` mushed '' .the slices were thin and i had to cut it off the core otherwise it would fall apart in uneven pieces.the time to cut was significantly less than doing this the old fashioned way although i think that hand cutting produces prettier pieces and wastes less of the pineapple . but as a kitchen tool for someone who is going to be cutting up a lot of pineapple this would be a real time saver because having to do it the old fashioned way is a pain .
= it works faster than hand chopping .
< not for me

> i watched several episodes of this series . i wanted to give it a chance , seeing as i 've been a sf fan for over 40 years . i 've seen bad and good tv series , great and really , really bad . firefly falls in the later . let 's see . it 's the future . does humanity speek a primary language or group of languages ? a mixture of any two languages ? nope . a hodge-podge of alien dialects ? nada . in his `` wisdom '' the series creator ( i ca n't be bothered to remember his name ) went with - bonanza-eze . yep , pardner , that thar 's one of dem dare space shap thingies . gee wilickers ! for some reason he imagines that since man is now on the space frontier , they genetically revery to old western amercaneze.ship design ? lame . they look cartoonish and designed by a 9 year old . sfx ? poor , no budget , pre 1970 's . acting ? these are graduates from the keanu reeve 's acting school . with honors . gnarly ! wooaaaaa . darn toootin ' ! fans of this series are so over the top it 's crazy . move out of your grandma 's basements guys - this series stank worse than four day old dead fish .
= lame , misguided . acting ? plot ? nope .
< i !

> okay , i ca n't really speak to essentia 's claims regarding its 9.5ph balanced water . i just know that it 's refreshing and tastes ( if water has a taste ) pure and satisfying . no off flavors or odors . i know that it has some additives to bring the ph to 9.5 , but i ca n't detect them . one of these large 1.5 liter bottles lasts me all day.if essentia 's claims are accurate and it does help with things like maintaining normal blood pressure , restful sleep , heart health , muscle strength and boosting the antioxidant properties of your immune system , then so much the better . it does seem to hydrate well and absorb into my system faster than regular filtered or spring water . i also get occasional heartburn after certain meals and find that its more basic ph helps alleviate such symptoms without me having to take antacids.essentia does cost a bit more so i will reserve getting it for when i find it on sale or can get a bulk discount . aside from the price , i have to say it is my new favorite 'brand ' of water . i like the taste and find it thirst quenching . any added health benefits are a bonus.~ kort
= darn good water
< great

> i have used slim-fast off and on for over fifteen years and i have had good and bad results . the slim-fast rich chocolate royale flavor taste like a rich chocolate milk without any after taste or chalky taste . the bad experinces that i have had with slim-fast was that it would give me gas but i guess they changed the formula and i did n't have any gas this time.i love the new plastic bottles it made it convient to carry and also allows you to close the bottle back and finish any unused portion . this small bottle contained 10 grams of protein and 5 grams of fiber which is great for your digestive system , but it also contained 18 grams of sugar which is a little more than i wanted . i like the flavor and the benefits but it did n't last for four hours because i was hungry about two hours later . i think that this is a good drink to use while dieting because it will provide your body with the nutrients you will need to stay healthy and that 's important to not only lose the weight but to also keep it off for good , but i think that it would be better without all of the sugar .
= better than i remember
< slim-fast rich chocolate milk without any after taste

> from the description you think this book is about a girl moving from a small town to ny with her back home all loving boyfriend . then while in ny she meets another man and bam problems . well , it 's not like that at all ! ! ... ... . true emily is from a small town moving to ny but the boyfriend dillon is from ny . and he met her when he came to visit with his bestfriend sister their senior year in college . after her mother 's dies , dillon helped emily through that time and helped her moved to ny to live with her bestfriend . dillon is a manipulive little bastard , and controlling . he lies to emily and she just believes everything he tells her . along comes gavin chance meeting and love at first sight . she pushes him away because she knows its wrong and she loves dillon . come to find out dillon and gavin are bestfriends . so trying to avoid him and her feelings started to become impossible . gavin tries his best to get emily from dillon but he keeps failing . how does it end , you asked ? well , i 'll tell you ... cliffhanger of course !
= collide was an excellent book !
< cliffhanger of a girl

> this is a good creamy sunscreen that uses zinc oxide in place of the chemicals used by some other products . of course , if you check the active ingredients , you will see that this includes plenty of chemicals itself , but if your kids react poorly to other products , it 's definitely worth a try.the sunscreen goes on very thick , white and creamy and seems to work well . it lasted for an afternoon at a water park under battle conditions and no one got burned . we used it on our faces to avoid irritation , but went for a spray on sunscreen below the neck . i think if you used it as a whole body product , it would take a while to put on and would use up a tube pretty quickly , but might be worth it if you have irritation problems.my last concern is that it 's currently a bit pricey . prices vary over time , so it may come in line with other products , but as things stand now , i do n't think i 'd shell out the extra money for this without trying some of the more affordable products first .
= good sunscreen with minimal chemicals
< good sunscreen , but not a good price

> this story is powerful , moving and different for me because it was not all sweet , smooth , and romance for connor and ellery . what that girl has to go through is painful and real to some of us readers . through it all they tried to have a relationship . all things considered having a relationship is a daunting task . throw in what ellery is going through it becomes a herculean task , but connor was steadfast through it all . there are times when he was frustrated , but these two made it . they have their hea . i felt they should have waited a bit to get engaged but that is okay . it also shows the steadfastness of connor and his deep feelings for ellery.i understand there is a sequel to this , but then i applaud sandi lynn for not ending this book with a cliff hanger despite the fact that we will still have more of connor and ellery .
= so moving and powerful
< powerful , moving and different

> if you really like zombie movies , this might not be for you.if you really hate zombie movies , ( like me ) this might not be for you.if you do n't like english humor , this might not be for you.if you do n't like satire , this might not be for you.but i really do like good satire , and good english humor and i found this movie hilarious ! maybe you even have to have lived in the uk to really appreciate the characters , but i do n't think so . the deadpan deliveries are so `` spot on '' that i think if you have any appreciation for dry humor , you will enjoy this . the gore is comic not realistic , but very abundant . so for ( in the words of monte python ) `` something completely different '' , try out `` shaun of the dead ''
= okay.. its only great within a specific framework .
< hilarious !

> my primary reason for trying magmind was for better sleep benefits . i 've taken melatonin with good results but wanted an alternative . compared to melatonin , magmind requires 2 capsules in the morning and 1 in the evening for the benefits . the capsules are easy to swallow but that 's 3 pills throughout the day instead of one melatonin about an hour before bed.magmind does provide good sleep without drowsiness in the morning . my concern is forgetting to take them throughout the day compared to the nearly immediate benefits of melatonin when taken 1 hour before bedtime . i can not vouch for the claims of magmind better brain health other than to say i 'm more effective after a good sleep regardless of how obtained.since i 've had good results with this supplement and no detectable side effects , i would consider buying it in the future .
= better sleep
< good results but not for me

> good afternoon , i am addicted to stuff and when i get new stuff , i need to put the older stuff ( which i still love , but slightly less than the new stuff ) somewhere safe & comfortable and these well constructed boxes by fellowes do a wonderful job.i am very familiar with the fellowes name because i store many of my cds & mp3 discs in jewel cases made by the fellowes company.in fact , the second case i filled for safe storage in my new fellowes boxes is full of mp3 discs in fellowes jewel cases.these boxes are safe and secure and stack nicely & easy to reopen when i realize that some of the old stuff is better than the new stuff and i want it out for use again ... fellowes boxes are great to hold or even move your stuff ...
= great boxes for `` my stuff ''
< great for safe storage

> what a great story . nico and elle are destined to find each other . elle is in a comfortable friendly relationship with an attractive , well mannered , wealthy , sophisticated lawyer . but something is really missing , passion . one look at her new client fighter nico and elle realizes that they have a deep connection . as they start dark g the passion grows stronger . he makes her feel desire and feelings she only dreamed of . they both have troubled pasts they ca n't get over . but they come clean and eventually help each other forgive and heal . great great story . loved it so much . who knew a big strong tatted up fighter could be so hot , romantic , passionate , and sexy . wow ! ! !
= great story about moving forward
< great story

> i like the texture and taste . they firm , but do n't have a plasticky feeling , and pomegranate does n't taste fake ( no artificial flavor ) . not too sweet - good thing , although there is corn syrup in it , right after sugar . only 3 out of 9 ingredients are organic ( did n't count citric acid and natural flavor as an ingredient ) .i 've tried twizzlers before and newman 's licorice is way better . in general i am not a licorice person , on top of that whole package is 455 calories , i think i 'd prefer m & ms ; as a snack ( small package 250 calories ) . but if someone likes this kind of treat than this is the way to go .
= partially organic .
< not bad , but not great

> i have to say , i 'm glad i finished the book . because , this book is a very gory book . it was sickening , disturbing , and i ca n't believe it was in my school library . it describes all the details of an inside of an animal , ( when the zebra is killed ) , and not only that , it has a bit too much dialogue.this book is about a hindu boy who is shipwrecked somewhere along boreno . he later on befriends a 450- pound tiger , and later on the tiger becomes gung-ho on other animals on the island . unfourtanatly , i was dissapointed because of the `` reccomended age '' level is 10-16. more like 14-23 ! anyways , good book , but fizzling quickly !
= disturbing and dissapointing .
< gory , but gory , but gory .

> ok , the two member jury is in . it is not good . this is an easy drink , 4 packets each making 2 quarts of an odd tasking margarita mocktail drink . i tried to like this , but kept on smelling something strange . the spousal unit in the home hated it . we generally purchase crystal light 's other softdrinks , but this is sweet and as the spousal unit said ... .. '' tastes like turpentine . `` it does have a slight margarita taste , and when you drink this , you keep wanting to add vodka because the hint of margarita is present . but , it 's bad , nothing else to say , but it 's bad ! ... ... rizzo
= making it is easy ... ... drinkin ' it is hard !
< not good , but not good either .

> these packages were resealable and easy to use . i heated the food as well as served it cold and my grandson loved it either way . it just seems natural to warm peas a little but he did n't mind if i did n't . the nutrients were excellent in this baby food and i would easily recommend to any new mother . other than making it yourself you ca n't go wrong with this product . i also purchased thebaby gourmet organic simple purees stage 1 ( 6 months+ ) orchard , apple , carrot and prune baby food , 4.5-ounce pouches ( pack of 12 ) and he loved it !
= baby loved it and less mess .
< great for baby food !

> it is a handy little product , but i ca n't help feeling lazy when using it . i mean , cutting tape is n't really that hard is it ? we 've been doing it for years . i 've wrapped gifts hundreds of times with ordinary tape and would n't you know it-the gifts get wrapped just fine ! yes , this product makes things slightly easier , but i guess my point is it is n't completely necessary , and regular tape will still work just fine . however , as there is nothing actually wrong with this product , i have given it a high mark anyway .
= neat
< not for me

> i was really excited to try this as i am always looking to get some extra protein for breakfast . this is a cheerios shaped cereal with a honey almond flavor . it has a really great taste with or without milk . it comes in 6 single serving bags which is enough for a good sized bowl of cereal . you can also just grab a bag for on the go . each serving offers 12 grams of protein which is awesome for a cereal plus you get a great taste with it .
= lots of protein for a cereal .
< great taste

> this stuff has a great flavor and is made with real ingredients ... but actually using it will likely be a love-it/hate-it . just dipping into the jar , the spicy raspberry flavor was really nice ... but i never could get used to my meat tasting like spicy raspberry . same deal with crackers ... so ... great flavor , and if your taste buds are n't as stubborn as mine , it 'll probably go over pretty well . otherwise , it has a great flavor with nowhere to put it .
= great flavor , just ca n't get used to it .
< great flavor , but not a great taste

> i like the concept of these natural , carbonated juice beverages and i really liked the black cherry flavor . but the kiwi berry flavor was too sweet for me . while the ingredients are only juice and carbonated water , i think that not enough water was added to reconstitute the juice to a good balance . with 33 grams of sugar in the 8.3 ounce bottle , despite being natural , there is still a lot of sweetness here .
= too sweet
< good concept , but not too sweet

> a very cute , family friendly animated movie about a rat who loves to cook . he has a fine nose for ingredients and a passion to create fine dishes , but is misunderstood by his rat family who are content to eat garbage . remy is accidentally separated from them , but this is when he really begins to grow as an accomplished chef and help out a new human friend.chrissy k. mcvayauthor of 'souls of the north wind '
= good family film .
< a very cute animated movie

> i have always loved usuing dove products and this body wash is no exception . it has the regular dove scent and works up into a beautiful creamy lather . i do feel like it keeps me more moisturized than some other body washes ( although i do put lotion on right out of the shower ) . this is a good size bottle and i love the shape of it . i will definitely buy this again !
= love dove !
< love it !

> the oxo good grips stainless steel measuring cups are a great basic kitchen staple . these replace an older oxo measuring cup set . so far , i ca n't complain - they 're well designed , sturdy , and do the job . my only complaint is they are a little bulkier compared to my old measuring cups and do n't fit in my kitchen drawer easily .
= great measuring cups
< great basic cups

> if you 're looking for a mild cup of breakfast coffee this may do it . it 's not interesting enough to wake you up , but it does have caffeine which may sneak up and do the job.it 's not the coffee for me : way too bland . it 's not a bad flavor , just not robust or particularly flavorful .
= mild or just plain bland ?
< not bad , but not great either

> this was a sweet read . mal was funny , sweet and charming . i really would have loved this book to be alternate point of views because i absolutely loved mal 's character , i wanted more from him . no cliffhangers ! great read and i would recommend , now i am so looking forward to ben 's story ! ! !
= aww mal !
< sweet read

> great ending to rush and blaire 's story . loved that aspect of it . however , she could have completed their story in 2 books instead of stretching it out to three and adding everyone else 's issue in this book . that was probably the part that bothered me the most , it took away from rush , blaire and nathan .
= 3.5 stars
< great ending to rush and blaire

> if you like bill murray as i and many others do , then you 'll love this bittersweet romance between him and a very young scarlett johansson . thanks to his skill and sofia coppola 's sensitive direction , one can believe the romance between these two lonely souls lost in a foreign land .
= bill murray is letter perfect in an oscar nominated performance
< a bittersweet romance

> there is something more i know it and you know it too . the reason is there is a book number 3. i am still confused about celia and hudson . what is their relationship about ? that is still kind of shady for me . still so much that needs to be revealed .
= the continuation
< wow

> yummy ! these were my favorites in my childhood . buttery caramel flavor ... more satisfying than other hard candy .
= just a good as those in my childhood
< yum !

> i had no idea how long this movie was . i started the dvd at 12:30am when there was nothing else on tv . i figured it would be the standard two hours . boy was i wrong . the movie just went on and on . the song at the end of it should have been celine dion 's my heart will go on and on ... and on some more . i 'm not saying i was bored by the movie . i actually thought it was excellent . i have n't read the books so it was completely new to me . the characters , story , setting was all beautiful . perhaps i enjoyed this movie so much because it 's the first and only fantasy movie that was done well . i 'm a fan of the & quot ; final fantasy & quot ; games and this movie is how i would expect one of those games to be made into a movie . not like the horrible & quot ; final fantasy : the spirits within & quot ; movie . anyway , i think this first movie gives out a little too much information . being new to the story i had to get used to the odd names of towns and characters and then i had to pay close attention to the story and what was going on . the ending is really disappointing because you 're left hanging without knowing what will happen next . i understand this will be in the second movie but still it 's a bit of a downer . i look forward to the next lord of the rings movie .
= a tad too long
< i 'm a fan of the rings

> i 've become so sick of all those horror movies that try to scare viewers with cheap tricks , gore , non-stop action and violence . so it was a particular joy to discover the others , a ghost story that gives the viewer a chance to feel the creepy atmosphere , the suspense and the heightened tension ... and believe me , this one is genuinely spooky ! i was n't prepared for the ending , so that was a surprise as well.the basic premise of the movie ? grace ( played by nicole kidman ) is living in a house with her 2 children , awaiting the return of her husband who is lost at war . her children ca n't be exposed to light and so the curtains must be kept closed - which only adds to the dark and foreboding atmosphere . the children are hypersensitive to light and have lived in a musty manor with curtains and shutters perpetually drawn.grace 's daughter keeps speaking of a child she sees and of other ghosts as well , bringing about her mother 's wrath - until slowly , slowly , it becomes clear that something strange is going on in the house . but what ? i wo n't give away any of the important details but i will say that this one may not go in a totally expected direction so do n't assume you know the ending until the last few minutes . totally satisfying for fans of the eerie and macabre .
= finally , a ghost story with true creepiness and thrills
< a horror horror story

> this was the first time i had ever tried this product , so i did not know what to expect , and i was pleasantly surprised.first , even though this is `` clinical strength '' , i did not have any negative reaction to it . secret also makes a similar product specifically for women with sensitive skin if that is needed . but i have used it for three days , and i have not had any negative reactions at all . also , it has a lovely smell , kind of a combination of flowers , but a very light scent . but in case you 're worried about the scent , it it not strong enough to interfere with perfumes . just when i uncap the product , i can smell this lovely flower scent.i like the dial-up for the product and the smoothing cap . the product is like a thick cream and dials up to a cap with small openings . when you use the product , it smooths on softer and nicer than a hard paste product , but there is no dampness or wetness feeling left behind . even though it is a kind of cream , if you touch it with your finger tips , it feels almost soft and powdery , and disappears into the skin fairly instantly with no residue left behind.i personally like this product better than the sesitive skin version just because of the lovely scent , and i will continue to use it .
= great product
< great for sensitive skin

> moving ? you 'll love these super sticky but removable post-its , that will stick to things like plastic storage boxes for as long as you want them to stick , and then remove cleanly and easily . great for those bins the kids toys are in , pet food containers , and so much more . these labels are the reverse of the regular post-it we all know and love so well , in that the entire label sticks , while there is an edge that is unglued for easy removal.i love the colors ! bubblegum watermelon pink and `` limeade '' green are 2 of my favorite color combinations , and make me happy just looking at them . bright and cheery , they 'll make you happy too , because they 'll make your labeling tasks easier.3m makes thousands of products , from abrasives and adhesives to the z100 restorative , which your dentist will use to make you look like you have a beautiful new tooth , with aesthetically matched color . started in 1902 by 5 guys in minnesota who wanted to make sandpaper , it calls itself a `` science-based company '' and now has global sales of over $ 25 billion . and that 's because they 're reliable . i know i use their scotch tape over other brands because i know it will stick the way i want it to stick , and these multi-purpose post-it labels will do the same dependable job .
= the new nifty post-it
< love these !

> & quot ; spider-man & quot ; is a very good send-up of a comic book hero . the director sam raimi filmed many scenes in such a way as to almost seem like paging through a comic-book 's storyboard while watching the exciting action and stunts . ( for example , there 's a scene where you see the dna being mutated and this is what you 'd see in a panel on a page in a comic book , explaining how spider-man got that way . ) tobey macguire is believable as peter parker , nerdy teenager who becomes a superhero , and willem dafoe is always reliably nasty as a villain . his facework in the scene showing the dual dr. osborn-green goblin is worthy of an oscar . a bit role played by by j. k. simmons as & quot ; j. jonah jameson , daily bugle editor & quot ; was particularly amazing -- he looked exactly like the comic book drawing.the surround-sound was quite distinct in this dvd -- in fact , sometimes it seemed a bit contrived , as you could hear vehicles pulling up behind you , but they were clearly forward of the action on screen . however , for the explosions and special effects , the surround sound plus the wide-screen format made the action film very exciting on the home screen . we did n't regret that we missed this in the theater .
= widescreen spider-man is great on the home theater
< very good comic book hero

> ok- i know that is a cheesy title for a review , but it is completely true ! larson has morphed together two short pieces of history into one book . we have the story of the great architect , burhnam and his amazing ( and almost unbelievable ) struggle in organizing the 1893 chicago worlds 's fair . the second story revloves around the holmes , a serial killer , who happened to live in chicago at the time of the exposition.the truth be known - these two events are almost completely unrelated . the exposition did not & quot ; cause & quot ; holmes to murder , nor did holmes ' murders & quot ; cause & quot ; the fair . the blend of these two stories causes the work to be a little uneven . three pages may seperate the inner-thinkings of a pyschopath from a discussion on theories in landscape architecture.with that- i will say that larson 's portrayal is very entertaining . in fact , i would compare it caleb carr 's historical fiction ( the alienist ) , which is set ( almost ) during the same period ... but in new york . definitely worth the time to read ... even if it does read as two different books !
= buy one book and get the second free !
< larson has done it again !

> i had heard that this was by far the best pixar film . therefore i went with my kids expecting to be enthralled for 2 hours . what i got was a movie that was good but had a lot of periods where i found myself losing concentration.yes the movie has its moments . there is a lot of good adult intended humor thrown in . but i am sorry that this movie is not nearly as good as either shrek film or either toy story film.with a villian who is probably more annoying than lord farquard from shrek , the movie also seems to have ripped off the fantastic four to come up with their characters . let 's see the similarities mr incredible - mr. fantatic ( similar name ) , plastic girl - mr. fantastic ( same power ) invisible girl ( same powers ) , mr. incredible - the thing ( both super strong ) . and then the boy is the same as quicksilver and the samuel l jackson character is the same as the iceman.my kids ( 11 and 8 ) preferred the spongebob movie to this one . i gave that film 5 stars and this one 3 and a half .
= good but not great !
< the best pixar film ever

> i loved french pressed coffee , so i thought this would be a good choice . it works perfectly ( hint - use a coarser grind so you do n't get coffee grounds in your cup ) but the title is misleading . according to my measuring cup , a `` cup '' is 8 ounces . this looked a little small out of the box , so i actually measured the amount of liquid it can hold , and it 's three real life cups , not 6. if you read the instructions , it says that a `` cup '' is 4 ounces , so in their minds , they are accurate . but most other coffee presses that i have list the `` cups '' accurately . and i do n't have any 4 ounce coffee cups.that is the only reason i 'm knocking off a star . this works great , and i love that the glass carafe is a single piece - i have another that has the glass in separate pieces that eventually started to leak . the plunger fits snugly , and the entire thing seems to be well built . i just have issues with inaccurate advertising .
= good press , but only holds 3- 8 ounce cups
< great coffee , but misleading .

> wow ... what a beautiful start to this new series . i was drawn in by the complex storyline and kept engaged by the amazing characters . you have a young woman olivia who has a horrible past and is still learning to deal with it and then you have this strong alpha male alexander who has been searching for one woman all his life . when the two finally cross it was breathtaking . the story is complex and mysterious with a good dose of suspense . the author did an amazing job of telling their story and keeping the reader interested from the very beginning . you want nothing more than to have them both come together and light the fire that obviously is burning between them and hope they can heal each other . i loved this story and ca n't wait to read the next book in this series ! highly recommend if you want to get caught up in alexander 's seduction of olivia !
= simply amazing story !
< beautiful start to the series

> my collection of tp-link network devices seems to be growing in my home . i used to be a linksys shop at the house but when they turned into cisco `` at home '' the quality seemed to tank . i tried other products and tp-link is the one that impressed me the most . i got this card , popped it in my desktop computer and about 10 minutes later had it up and running on my network . speeds were excellent and signal strength was at full bars . i did n't have any issues with this card and would recommend it . i do dual boot my windows machine into ubuntu and can confirm it works in both windows xp , 7 and ubuntu with little configuration .
= blazing fast
< great for network devices

> these cookies are so tasty ! when i got them they were a little melted from shipping in the hot sun , so i put them in the fridge . when i pulled them out and ate them cold they were really great . i have a huge sweet tooth and i was pleasantly surprised to find out that these cookies were enough to satisfy it . my only complaint is that i expected the fudge in the center of the cookies to be more liquidy because of the packaging which says 'chewy gooey ' but they were still delicious and i would purchase them again . i received both this flavor and the megafudge . they were both great , but i prefer the chocofudge better .
= delicious
< tasty , but not great

> first of all , the packaging of mio is cool ! well designed and thought out , easy to carry and no drips when you use it.however , the peach tea has a very off putting smell when you open it . it smells exactly like chlorinated pool water . i decided to give it a try despite the smell . one squirt in a 20 oz bottle of water gave a very , very light taste , mostly chemical in flavor . a second squirt made it sweeter , and gave it a kool aid type peach taste , but no tea flavor at all . a third squirt made it undrinkable , sickeningly artificially sweet . blech !
= mio liquid peach tea
< cool taste , but chemical in flavor .

> i like to read historical fiction and frankly anything that revolves around wwii ... .. ; i was excited to read this book and the reviews were excellent . however , this piece fell flat for me . dodd was a boring protaganist ... and the exploits of his daughter , while somewhat interesting , were not enough to keep the reader ( at least this reader ) intrigued . most have read of the atrocities associated with the third reich , so nothing should be surprising here . the perspective from which the story was told was somewhat of a novelty for me ... .otherwise , it was a struggle to see this book through to the end.dyb
= ****disappointing******
< not what i expected

> if you 're still paying $ 3- $ 5 for an iced coffee at a national chain code shop you 're wasting your money . this is just as good and in many cases lower in calories than starbucks or dunkin doughnuts . this flavor hada nice and not to assuring flavor.the only down side to this product is the small can size , which may be right size for the calorie conscious or for snacking , but if your normal size is grande then you 'll be drinking two at a time . even then it 's still a savings and you do n't have to leave your home to get it .
= as good as more expensive chain shops
< good flavor , but not a good way to get it .

> since dr. seuss is my favorite children 's author , i am very happy with this bumkins bag . for me it 's convenient to carry prepackages snacks like cheese crackers in this bag to cut down on the number of times it has to be washed . since i tutor elementary aged children , i now use my bag to store my dry erase markers at work . the bag serves a function while entertaining my charges who get a kick out of the dr. seuss characters on the bag.also since nobody else at my workplace has a bag like this , it 's easy to identify this as mine .
= reseussable
< convenient and easy to use

> i 've tasted green tea infusions before and they are usually quite tasty chantea is not tasty , infact it is too sweet , has an aftertaste , tasted like canned artificial lycees , plus acted like a fast laxative . i originally come from the tropics so i definitely know how good , fresh passion fruit tastes like and there is no such taste in this drink . the aloe and green tea flavors are not even noticeable because of the overwhelming sugar taste . most of the drink was poured down the sink.final verdict : i would not drink this again .
= too sugary , not fruity , laxative effect
< not tasty , but not tasty

> this product definitely kept my drier than any other deodorant that i have used . especially during the summer months walking around in hot sun , it is a lifesaver for feeling comfortable . in colder months , i use it for gym days when i 'll be working up a sweat indoors.in all , i 'm glad i have the product . i would give it a 5 star but it is expensive and small . i prefer to use it on high need days and then use regular secret for every day office or home days .
= works as advertised
< great for summer use

> i only give it a single star because i ca n't go any lower ! what is wrong with hollywood ? i ca n't believe they could n't find something else to vote for . i ca n't believe i sat there for that long only to watch something that unworthy . oh , if you like seeing brains flying , blood spraying , cussing every other second , then by all means rent or buy this movie . you will be thrilled . if you are looking for a good movie keep looking !
= what a stupid , stupid movie !
< i ca n't wait for the movie !

> with a lot of flavored coffee i find that the smell is better than the taste and that after a few sips i 'm very tired of the flavor . not so with this coffee . the vanilla is perfect . the coffee is n't like most starbucks coffees ( where it is strong and a bit burnt ) . i would recommend this coffee for people who are n't really into flavored coffee but want to take a walk on the wild side of coffees . perfect for the holidays as well .
= delicious .
< better than starbucks coffee

> i like spicy food . i love ginger , and i can never pass up anything that involves mangoes . obviously , this is right up my alley . it is zippy , but not to the point where you have to blow your nose afterward ; tangy , fruity and gingery all through . i tried it with meat , with vegetables , and on a cheese sandwich , and they were all good . i have n't tried it on ice cream yet , but i just might !
= mango ginger habanero - three of my favorite flavors !
< i love ginger !

> i am always torn on whether to give this one a four or a five . the reason for me is the end , which i wo n't say what that is for those who have not seen it . it 's a very sad , romantic film . my sister loves it . she even named her son after the main character . lol if you love tear jerkers you wo n't go wrong with this one .
= a lovely romance
< torn

> it is water , if you are looking for something with a high ph , this is it , but other than that i do n't see much of a difference than ordinary bottled water . it is a nice large size , something to put in the refrigerator and pour into a glass as needed . i was n't to impressed with the water .
= it tastes like water
< it 's water

> this aloe gloe tastes repulsive . since i ca n't drink it without getting sick , i ca n't comment on its effectiveness . but , if you want beautiful , glowing , healthy skin , you can definitely do other things besides chugging this stuff . i received this for review on amazon vine .
= this stuff might work if you can drink it without throwing up
< tastes repulsive

> overall this is pretty good ; it dissolves in water right away with no mixing needed . my taste buds taste more mango than peach in this mix , but your taste buds might disagree . a trial and error is required to get yourself the taste you want .
= fda-approved sweeteners do their job .
< good taste , but dissolves in water

> we have two very picky eaters , but both dogs were all over these funbites flatsticks , to the point of defending theirs against the other dog ! amazing , because neither of them has ever enjoyed chews . recommended .
= judging by the reaction , these are real yummy !
< dogs love these !

> this final book in the fixed series is by far the best one . it has every bit of drama and lust that the first two books had but we finally have all the answers to our unanswered questions .
= saved the best for last
< best book of the series

> this book was very intriguing . just the right amount of action and drama . i got so mad when i was reading the posts with priscilla . i was cursing at my kindle . awesome book ella .
= selling scarlett
< intriguing

> i freakin love jess ward and i love ava too ! this book is awesome , definitely an alpha male so be prepared for that and lots of hot sex ! ! ! ! !
= loved it
< love jess ward ! ! !

> another great story by raine miller . this story was a bit of an emotional roller coaster for so many reasons . i ca n't wait to read more from raine miller .
= great story
< great story

> after a week of having my husband use this , his skin has fewer blemishes and looks less oily , but not dry . good product , clean smell !
= cuts down on greasiness and break-outs
< works well

> simple and beautiful . a flawless , cleverly wrought script , memorable character acting , and lush photography all combine to create a film that disappoints virtually no one .
= a bit childish , but massively satisfying
< the best of the year

> i loved this book and i 'm hoping there 's more to come with these characters cause all in all i love all of them totally recommend
= great
< loved it

> `` red 2 '' is an even bigger and better comedy action thriller than 2010 's `` red '' , featuring everyone 's favorite `` retired-extremely dangerous '' spies . a superb cast has a blast with the plot and the dialogue as the action runs from kansas to washington dc to paris to london to moscow.retired spy frank moses ( bruce willis ) is attempting to live a quiet life with girlfriend sarah ( mary louise parker ) in kansas . old and very paranoid friend marvin ( john malkovich ) warns them of the resurrection of a mysterious cold war plot known as operation nightshade . marvin disappears in a car explosion and frank is taken in for interrogation by the cia 's nasty jack horton ( neal mcdonough ) . frank will of course escape and go on the run with sarah and the resilient marvin.it will turn out that the answers to nightshade are inside the head of dr. edward bailey ( anthony hopkins ) , a brilliant but deranged scientist held incommunicado by britain 's mi-6 for the last thirty years . frank , already wanted by the cia , mi-6 , and the kgb , will also have to contend with a paid assassin named han ( byung-hun lee ) . he will get help from a former mi-6 operative ( helen mirren ) , a former russian spymaster ( brian cox ) , and a former kgb agent and ex-lover ( catherine zeta-jones ) . together , they will have to find a reclusive information peddler known as the frog , sneak into a high security detention area , and break into , and out of , the kremlin . the action and suspense are virtually non-stop , and if the plot does n't necessarily make a lot of sense , it 's all tongue-in-cheek good fun , well done by a group of talented actors with impeccable comedic timing . recommended as an afternoon 's good entertainment .
= return of the `` reds '' ...
< good comedy action thriller

> wow . this is quite possbily the longest film i know of . but for once , that is a good thing . in fact , i did not mind the length in the least except the minor inconvenience of switching the dvd 's halfway through.i only recently watched this and i must say i was quite happy with it . first off , i must say that the quality of the restoration is incredible . it looks like it could have been made recently as opposed to decades ago . i was in awe of it . it must have taken them months and months of painstaking computer work to accomplish this . i would n't watch it any other way.as for the film , well , it really is unique . so much goes on and its quite a journey . rhett butler has got to be one of my favorite characters anywhere . clark gable was simply wonderful in this . i adored the bickering between rhett and scarlett , it was really a joy . i ca n't believe i waited so long to watch this . i understand some liberties had to be taken in regards to the book . i know that they did n't include 2 of scarlett 's children . i did not read the book so i do n't know how important they really were to the movie . i know purists argue this but since i am only basing this review on the movie , i did n't feel that it felt like something was missing from it . it felt complete and thorough . it really is a masterpiece as far as films go .
= a worthy epic
< a unique restoration

> this is one of those books that melts your heart from the very beginning . eva lost the love of her life in baghdad . she never thought she would love another man . that is until cage showed up to work on her dad 's farm for the summer . of course she was attracted to him , who would n't be . but he was a bad boy player who was nothing like josh was . but they could n't resist each other . eva saw the real cage , not the playing everyone else saw . love was nothing he ever knew . but damn if he did n't find it with eva . when her dad found out about them he threatened cage . he was going to tell his coach to take away his baseball scholarship . then how would he be able to take care of eva and be a better man for her . she thought he had just made love to her and been done with her . but he was miserable without her . he went after her and she learned the truth but let him walk away and did n't stop him . when she realized too the depth of her feelings she went after the man who taught her to love again and brought her back to life . now they are together and so in love . what a wonderful story of love . i love abbi globes books so much . can not wait to read the next one . great great read !
= absolutely amazing
< great story

> with more than 2000 reviews on amazon at the moment , what more is to be said . all i have to say is that the essential plot is an ancient one in films , but that is not a criticism . there are some nice views and many devices from , what would they call it , the age of noir ? i could just see mike mazurki going into the saloon where velma used to work ( with dick powell whom he had just hired to find her ) and tossing the bartender who came to stop him into eternity . of course , charlton heston took a sci-fi shot at getting rid of the not wanteds , and ... ... ..nevertheless it was entertaining to see harrison ford at work although yet another scene on the roofs did n't exactly have the thrills it should have had as the final confrontation ( remember edward g. robinson and orson welles in the bell tower of a church and ... ... ... ... ... ) . so , as one who never had seen nor even known the film existed , all i can say to those others who will know nothing about it save that it stars harrison ford , is that it is worth the slight cost of a used copy for it will give you a couple of hours of shoot-em-up , chasin ' 'em down , and battered pi to enliven the evening . if i remember correctly , harrison ford even gets to kiss the girl .
= a traditional film with harrison ford
< the essential plot

> basic information : there are 15 sheets included here ( 3 blue , 4 pink , 4 yellow , 4 green ) . the colors are very , very bright with the blue being the most toned down of the set . each sheet has 30 labels on it and each label is 1 inch by 2 5/8 inch . in total there are 450 labels.the package includes printing instructions , including templates to use ( one is available on the post-it website , the other is a pre-installed template in microsoft word . both are easy to use ) .each sheet has an arrow at the top of the page telling you which direction to feed into the printer.there is no `` extra '' label material in between the labels , which makes the labels easier to peel and which also reduces waste ( albeit in a very small way ) .these labels are very easy to create and print . they stand out on whatever you put them on . they are removable , though they do n't stick as well after the first time ( they still stick reasonably well after a few uses , though ) . overall , these labels do exactly what they 're designed to do and i do n't see any reason to complain about them . the only possible issue is the brightness of the colors , so if you 're looking for a more subtle adhesive label , do n't buy these .
= easy to print , easy to stick and remove
< easy to use , easy to use , easy to use

> a friend had recommended f & w 's razzpotle roasted raspberry chipotle sauce so i was more than happy to give it a try . the main ingredients are : sugar , red raspberies , jalape & ntilde ; o , apple cider vinegar , water , pectin , chipotle , garlic , salt , spices , and natural smoke flavor.this sauce is made in the good ol ' usa ( texas ) and is intended to be used as a `` hot sauce '' , e.g. , poured over cooked meat dishes , mixed with balsamic vinegar to create a chipotle salad dressing , and also as a chip dip/salsa . however , the possibilities are endless using one 's imagination.my family and i first tried the razzpotle as a steak sauce ( mixed it with some a-1 ) ... ..muy delicioso ! ! ! classic steak sauce taste is livened up with a nice smoked and spicy raspberry zing . then i mixed the razzpotle with some pace 's picante salsa and the tortilla chips just disappeared right from the table . i would consider the `` spicy hot '' level as medium ; not searing hot as some freshly prepared salsa from local markets but certainly has enough bite to it to waken up the taste buds . the razzpotle is certainly worth a try for anyone seeking a unique , smoked , spicy , sweet , and sour hot sauce .
= unique taste with a spicy chipotle zing .
< a unique , spicy , spicy , spicy , and spicy hot sauce

> sara is a schoolteacher & since she has the summer off she is cleaning out a storage locker for her neighbor . the journals found inside the storage locker are the basis for the book as this is rebecca 's locker & her journals are filled with bdsm hotness ! but sara believes rebecca is in danger & the fact that sara is looking through her storage unit means rebecca is n't around to claim it . we begin to discover many similarities between sara & rebecca . sara finds out that rebecca worked for a local art gallery & although sara is a schoolteacher she has a degree in art history . there is much about sara 's background that is revealed when she is suddenly hired to fill rebecca 's vacancy & she meets a famous artist , chris merit . much of the story is about the instant attraction between chris & sara . since sara is spending the summer in her fantasy world working at an art gallery she also decides to have a fling with chris which eventually becomes so much more . it seems in the end that chris could be involved in the bdsm world too along with mark , the owner of the art gallery . great story & so many cliffhangers ! you barely feel like you are getting to know the characters before the book ends !
= sara & chris
< great story & so many cliffhangers !

> i 'm a major coffee-fiend , meaning something of a purist , so i rarely partake of flavored coffees , preferring the natural nuances of regional varietals.but a flavored coffee can be a nice touch after a meal , in lieu of , or with , dessert . i 'm loath to buy specialty beans for these limited purposes , and flavored beans also leave hard-to-remove residue in grinders , even more of an issue if you use a burr grinder , like i do , which has parts that should n't be wet-cleaned.so , step back to pre-ground coffee . starbucks takes a lot of flack for various reasons , but they reaaly do know their coffee , and always have big , robust flavors -- exactly what a coffee fiend desires . this flavored blend is no exception , it 's dark and rich , with modest-but-noticable vanilla notes . i brewed it in mykrups moka brew , for which about 1.25tbsp per cup of water worked well for drinking it black.the grind is fine ; much too fine for a french press , but suitable for a drip coffee-maker with paper filters.this is n't a flavor i would drink every day , and i especially do n't see it as a morning cup , but for after-dinner coffee , it 's recommended .
= good flavored dessert coffee
< rich and rich

> there 's not a whole lot that an hdmi cable can honestly do to stand out and be extraordinary . they all carry data digitally , so for the most part they just work or not . this one has been working with no problems at all for me . the connectors are standard and fit in where they should exactly as they could . it has been doing exactly what it says it should.i will note that i have n't checked how well it supports ethernet or 3d directly , since i do n't have a device handy that does those things . they 're just data like anything else that flows over the cable , though , so i have no reason to believe there would be any problem.the price is very solid , and i like the fact that you get a 1 year warranty from amazon as part of the deal . i feel like amazon as a company knows that they have a lot of customer goodwill to lose if they do n't make sure that people are happy with these amazonbasics products , so i 'm inclined to be a little more confident that they 'll live up to their warranty compared to some of the other sources of very affordable cables .
= a solid choice
< good hdmi cable

> this portable cup offers oatmeal with cherries , almonds and pistachios . i was pleased to see that they did not skimp on the cherries . tthe nuts contribute to the texture and flavor . the somewhat milky appearance is explained by the inclusion of nonfat dried milk . there is a strong overtone of brown sugar . i found it enjoyable.however , be sure to use boiling water . i used hot ( not boiling ) water from my keurig brewer and the oatmeal itself was underdone . not awful but i prefer my crunch from the nuts , not the grains . it also is high in sugar ( 19 grams ) and calories ( 290 ) with 8 grams of fat and 5 grams of fiber in a relatively petite 2.57 ounce serving . those numbers would relegate it to occasional use . i would have liked it a tad less sweet.overall this would make a good breakfast on the run . the generous amounts of cherries add a touch of decadence to everyday oatmeal . however the high sugar and calorie counts and the small container would make it an occasional treat .
= fruity
< oatmeal with a strong overtone of brown sugar

> spiderman is better than 3 stars but its not a 4 star movie . it starts well enough and peter parkers discovery of his new found powers is well done both in the school scenes and later in the wrestling/cage fight . the fight in the school is very well done and parker 's discovery of his new much faster reactions remains perhaps the highpoint of the film . its in this section of the film that the director sam raimi 's touch is most evident.however the film loses momentum and gets more and more predictable as it progresses and in the end was certainly too long . the leading actors did a fine job and the best thing in the film is tobey maquire , whose portrayal is spot-on . there are extras galore on disc 2 as well as commentaries on on disc 1. so it is certainly worth seeing ( and at the cinema it was very impressive ) but it loses quite a lot on the small screen and i would only buy if cheap .
= flawed entertainment
< better than 3 stars

> i think this is a really cool mug if you are a serious tea drinker . i 'm more of a coffe man , and am a nut with mugs . so i understand my tea drinking 'cousins ' wanting their own cool mug.what i liked , the cover design . really neat idea to keep the liquid as hot as possible without burning yourself and without having the liquid cool off too much before you 're done brewing . it also solves the problem of your tea bag string falling into your mug and having to fish it out.i typically do n't squeeze the tea bag before i 'm ready to drink , although i have relatives who use their tea spoon and wrap the string around the bag to extract . this lid let 's you do it safely without a spoon.is this a must have ? no . it is a great gift idea . that 's why i give it 4 stars not 5. serious tea drinkers will disagree and may give it 5 stars .
= nice design
< cool mug

> i am a big fan of tide and anything they make . their products just seem to work for me.these packets work very well in getting out stains without having to check every item and spraying them with stain remover . i think everybody has washed something without noticing things that should be pre-treated until the item has been run through the dryer , setting in the stain . i still try to check for pre-treating , but with this product i can be much more lax.i had a stone and tile guy working at my home when ups delivered my order . when he saw what was in the box , he raved about this product and said that it really worked to get his clothes clean . i can also attest that the packets are strong and come well-packed as i accidentally drove over the ups box but none of the packets leaked or exploded . the do dissolve completely in the wash and disappear along with the dirt and stains .
= works !
< works well

> this book is the start of another great series by laura kaye . i have n't read anything from this author that i have n't liked and this one is no different . while it was filled with more action than her other series it still had heat between the two main characters and the secondary characters just drew me further into the book . i can not wait to read more of this series so these guys can get what they 've deserved all along . it 's a vague review i know but i dot want to spoil anything . know this , this is a must read that kept me on my toes until the very end , which in my opinion is a bit of a cliffy since things are unresolved.i 've already rec 'd this book !
= just the beginning !
< another great series by laura kaye

> book # 100 read in 2013insurgent by veronica roth ( 2nd in series ) this book is the second in a young adult dystopian trilogy . in this book , tris and four are trying to recover from the deadly fight that ensued between warring factions . additionally , four ( or tobias ) reconnects with his estranged mother , who is in charge of the factionless . tris is not sold on the reunion but the couple have more than that issue to deal with before living happily ever after.i really enjoyed both books in this series so far and will begin allegiant in the near future to finish out the series . these books are action-packed with complex and interesting characters . they are quick reads that i highly recommend. [ ... ]
= insurgent ( ya ) 2nd in series
< the second in a young adult dystopian trilogy

> i have read most of abbi 's novel 's and this one is beautiful . the characters , the heartache both rush and blaire carry . the story flowed easily and i did n't realize that i was nearing the end , i also did n't know this was the first of a two book series . so it sucked for me not to get my happy ending and now i feel just sad . yep , sucks big time , which i never want from any book . not really happy it ended in that particular area of pain , i needed more ... more hope so that i will buy the next book . do n't get me wrong this author is brilliant , i 've been left with despair .
= okay ... wow ! !
< beautiful

> i was skeptical when this arrived . the package makes it look very chocolatey , and hence i expected it to be filled with sugar ... but i was impressed with the coffee taste and the texture . i 've tried other fiber bars which tasted kind of artificial , but this south beach bar mocha flavor is pleasantly chocolatey , and not too sweet.the bars contain 36 % oft the daily value of fiber and my box contained only 5 bars . there is no high fructose corn syrup in this product .
= flavorful , tasty
< chocolatey , chocolatey , and chocolatey

> it is a measure of this book 's quality that , although i am an adult and therefore not the target audience , i still found this an entertaining read . there is an appeal here that transcends age ; the major difference for an adult reader is that he or she will go through the book more quickly . in terms of plot and character , however , this book beats some of the recent & quot ; adult & quot ; books i have read .
= fast and fun
< entertaining read

> ... this is a first order thriller . the rest of the series , however , became increasingly more outlandish in my mind and shapes my impression of this early book . what i admire about this first book is how the setting is brilliantly dark and isolated ( even in the urban areas ) and how excellently crafted the two protagonists are . the story is exceptional as well . this may have worked better for me if i knew it was a standalone book .
= by itself ...
< a first order thriller

> usb a to usb b cable works great as intended . i was a little skeptical when i ordered it because it is called `` micra digital '' but that must only be the company name . it is a regular cable.also , it came in a nice little brown box that was easy to open . i think amazon calls this `` frustration-free packaging '' and it clearly is ! much easier to open that those plastic clam shells !
= works as it should .
< works great !

> many times a book rewritten from another perspective does n't work ... but i must tell you that i never thought that walking disaster would be even better than beautiful disaster . the story from travis ' viewpoint was so touching ... you just fall more in love with him that you did in the first book . the ending was terrific . the two books together make a complete story and well worth the time !
= travis ' pov gives more insight ...
< another great book from travis '

> i could n't finish it , i tried but it was like wadding through mud - exhausting . it was more down and depressing than moving forward as you would expect the story should flow . obviously other reviewers liked and loved it but not me . i did like how it was different and centered around mental health issues but both maggie and clay were high maintenance , especially maggie , so whinny !
= teenage angst to the max !
< exhausting

> this was an amazing read that i could not put down.this book moved along at a great pace , has characters that you feel like you know and a story that grabs you and feels so real that you need to keep reading in order to see what happens.joanna wylde has done an awesome job on this book , it feels so real , that you feel like you are part of the reapers .
= awesome
< amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> the scotch precision scissors are very sturdy and well made . they cut easily through cloth or thick paper . i ca n't find any fault with them , they do the job . now when i look for the `` good '' scissors , i will look for these . i need to get rid of some evil scissors that will not cut butter .
= good scissors .
< great scissors

> the girlfriend tried this out and reports that it 's effective , no odor or sweating , using only a very minimal amount of product , and the deodorant 's own scent is reasonable ( when most others are n't ) . each click of the wheel yields a measured amount that 's more than sufficient for a full application . she recommends it .
= works well
< works well , but not as good as the deodorant

> please read - you will be so glad you did and will absolutely fall in love with this book and the characters . this is book 1 in the series . book 2 , up to me , is also available . i immediately downloaded the second one once i finished and kept reading until 4:00 a.m. cash is so hot !
= the bad boys series
< love , love , love this book !

> it 's a fantastic vampire movie mixed with humor and basic vampire rules ! everything was just right : acting , actors , special effects , story . you should watch it , but do n't expect a horror movie or twilight-like b.s .
= cool story
< i love it !

> keep me hooked . read it in one day that is how intriguing the book is . really enjoyed it . but i ca n't wait too long too see what happens . i want their love to last . thank you
= awesome . great book
< loved it

> great follow up/finish to one week girlfriend ! this story has all the necessary drama , build up , separation and sadness needed to touch your heart and wish the happily ever after for the main characters !
= loved it !
< great follow up

> this book picked right up where reason to breathe left off ... this story was hard to put down & left me waiting on the third book and praying emma & evan get their hea ! ~
= breathe again
< loved it !

> works great and is just the right size . easy to hold , yet not so small that it takes forever to cover the board to erase . recommended .
= works great !
< great size

> this is a fun story . it 's a different twist on a story that has been told many times , but it will keep you interested .
= good read
< fun story

> this is a good movie but not as well done as the first taken film . there was still a lot of action and it had a fasted paced plot and storyline but the concept was just not as fresh . in some of the areas the scenarios were just a little hard to believe.byran mills ( liam neeson ) is in the protection business using his skills that he learned in the cia to protect wealthy people for a lot of money . his family life is a wreck as he is divorced and his daughter lives with her mom . after rescuing his daughter in the first taken film he becomes a target of international terrorists who seek revenge for the deaths of their family members ( sons ) at the hands of bryan who killed them as he rescued his kidnapped daughter.as bryan 's ex-wife and daughter meet up with him in istanbul the terrorists gather to enact plans to kidnap them all and have the added joy of torturing his family in front of him ... liam neeson does his regular spectacular best in this movie playing the highly skilled ex-cia agent on a mission to save his family . there are many good chase scenes , gun battles and fights to entertain any action movie junkie . i really enjoyed them . the only down side for me is that bryan puts his daughter at risk and despite the fact that he had a communication device neither he or his daughter sought out help from the cia or the us embassy to rescue them.my wife and i still liked the movie and we rated it 4 stars as a good action movie . the acting and the action in the film are first class and if you like that kind of movie then you will enjoy this one .
= do n't shoot this one , i really like him !
< good movie but not as well done

> i actually liked this book a lot ! i figured it would be full of angst & although there is some i did n't feel like it was over the top . alayna ( laynie ) has dreams of running the night club one day , even earning her mba which some ( her overbearing brother ) might feel is a waste of a college education . hudson pierce is a billionaire who just bought the night club & is in a tight spot - he has been arranged to marry another socialite but if he can prove to his mother that he is in love she might let him off the hook . laynie agrees to pose as hudson 's girlfriend but she knows she is on dangerous ground . laynie has a serious problem & ca n't stop her obsessive love & stalking behavior . can she pose as his girlfriend and be `` on duty '' and separate that from her `` off duty '' sex-only relationship with hudson ? not likely ! hudson comes with his own barrel of crazy - an inability to love that even goes so far as to become a game to get women deeply in love with him . he does n't return their emotions & the women are left devastated . i worried he would do this to laynie & it would break her . in the end it seems that his obsession for laynie might just match her craziness for him - which is a great thing when it is real love . we are left on a positive note hoping these two can redeem themselves by leaning on each other . they have sexual chemistry that is very hot but is their connection lust or love ? ca n't wait to find out !
= laynie & hudson
< hudson pierce

> what a fine , fine novel this is ! it is a fictious account of the family of vermeer , the dutch master who painted luminous , sunlit portraits of people caught in a moment . seeing a vermeer painting is to enter another world through a magical peephole . this book is similar . it is not large , it is not populated on a grand scale with princes , kings and battles.author chevalier brilliantly puts a story to one of vermeer 's paintings , that of a young woman with a pearl earring , her hair wrapped in a swath of blue and yellow cloth . the theme is jealousy , sometimes over the petty . the story makes you turn time and time again back to the cover to look at the painting , each in a new light depending on the events in the story.the novel really centers on griet , a daughter of a tile painter who is injured in a kiln accident , is sent to work at vermeer 's house . she must please the head housekeeper , vermeer 's wife , her young daughters and her formidable but sympathetic mother , and of course vermeer himself . life in the holland of vermeer is portrayed , the seething jealousies , the stark life of the rich versus the common people and the world of vermeer 's art all come together on a fascinating canvas .
= this pearl earring is a true gem
< a fascinating , fine novel

> `` the prestige '' features an outstanding cast , a topic seemingly tailor-made for the special effects possible in the movies , and a promising storyline , but only just fails to deliver an outstanding movie.the movie is the story of a rivalry between 19th century magicians played by christian bale and hugh jackman , both apprentices of the elder magician played by michael caine , made deadly enemies by a fatal accident during the performance of a trick . their rivalry leads them to plot against each other . the effect is a twisting storyline , which , confusingly , is told in a herky-jerky manner alternating between several pasts and an uncertain present . some of the more clever plot twists , including the most important one , are obscured by the time changes . at the conclusion of the film , even attentive viewers may be scratching their heads as to exactly who did what to whom and when.the movie is richly authentic in period detail and in the mechanics of the magician 's trade . michael caine does fabulous work as a connecting thread in the story , providing the necessary explanation for some key scenes . david bowie has a nice cameo as a scientist . christian bale and hugh jackman nicely portray their respective social class differences.this movie is highly recommended as an entertaining story , especially for those with an interest in magic .
= deadly magic
< `` the prestige ''

> vitamin squeeze is a product that i did n't expect to enjoy . i assumed it would be an over-marketed drink that offered little in the way of flavor or actual taste . in reality , it became one of my all-time favorite items from amazon vine . i liked it so much that i decided to order a four pack.what i like -- offers about the same amount of caffeine as a soda- not a bad flavor - it reminds me of a watered down high c ... which is n't a bad thing.- plenty of vitamins ... again similar to high c - but with an energy kick.- someone else mentioned it - this is a great space saver compared to a couple of gallons of high c or a case of gatorade.- what i like is that i can stick this on my desk and it is like i have a full case of gatorade within reach.a reality check- not quite the potency of red bull so do n't expect a huge kickfinal verdict - i am very impressed by the vitamin squeeze energy drink - it also a great combination of flavor and caffeine within easy reach . my next experiment is to mix it with 7-up or sprite ... as for me - this is a very easy recommendation .5 stars
= a great way to squeeze in your vitamins
< great flavor , great taste , great taste

> i 've had success with playtex tampons . the gentle glide is comfortable and has no leaks . i 've even used the regular absorbency during my heaviest time and had no problems , but the super probably would be better for me during those couple of days.there are two reasons i do n't like this tampon as much as i like the playtex sport . the first is that the wrappers are difficult to open . they are plastic and do n't tear easily and they do n't have a little slit to get it started . i have to pull them open along the seam like i would a bag of chips . secondly , the applicator does n't have any sort of stopper at the very bottom and the bottom part goes completely into the top part when inserting it . i always have to double check that only the tampon went in and not the bottom part of the applicator . this has never happened , but i feel better double checking.the playtex glide works well as far as function . it does the job it 's supposed to do and it 's comfortable . but i do prefer the wrapper and applicator of the playtex sport .
= good tampon
< comfortable , but not the best

> not a fan at all . i was looking for a healthier energy drink ( if there is such a thing ) . this claims all natural ingredients to give you more energy . caffeine was added and to me that is not a 'natural ' ingredient . i would have thought a whole food source would have been utilized for the energizing effect . i believe this had 70 calories for the can . it was sweetened with stevia . it had a bad taste . i was only able to drink about half a can because the flavor was so fake and sweet . i give it three stars for trying to be healthier . but the main ingredients are apple juice , lemon juice , caffeine , and stevia . really not much there . if you want a better way to spend those calories and get energy , eat an apple . at least you get the fiber that way . save your money.now i can place the flavor , a fake tasting green apple jolly rancher with a horrible after taste . gag .
= jamba juice energy drink
< not a fan

> the product was sent to me to review on behalf of the chocolate cult . an assistant helped me out and made a mousse with it but the results were definitely disappointing.the product is overwhelmingly coconut in flavor so unless you really like coconut , you wo n't like this . coconut oil should not taste like coconut when you use it for baking or cooking , it really should n't , that is one of the & # 34 ; good & # 34 ; things about it thus this flavor was unexpected and unwelcomed because it imbalanced everything.the product also lacks instructions in how to measure it as a substitute for butter or other oils so we had to do a lot of research to find out and either we were not correct or this is simply not a good product for baking or cooking.that is the big problem with this product -- it claims to be good for too many things and thus lacks information you need to use it well for in your kitchen .
= not good for the kitchen
< not for me

> it 's easy to see why this novel won the booker prize . it is extremely well-written and it 's hard to believe it 's only some 350 pages or so . the author delves into so much detail into the lives of robbie , cee and bryony . but , having said that , i read a book to be entertained . i do n't read a book to make me feel depressed , and that is how i felt at the end of the book . this book is a tragedy - pure and simple . it is a very well-done , and well-thought out tragedy , but a tragedy just the same . i found i had to open one of my old standby 's to get me in a better frame of mind after i finished the book . that 's why i did n't give the book 5 stars . for writing , plot , characterization , it probably deserves 5 stars , but it left me too sad to give it 5 .
= an incredibly well-written book
< a very well-done novel

> after reading and enjoying the best selling 'da vinci code ' i was hoping this book would be as an exciting read . it basically was the same type of novel with the same type of suspense and i was n't disappointed.while brown 's writing style is not classical literature by any means , and sometimes borders the obscenely ridiculous , it is fast paced and action filled and i ca n't seem to stop turning the pages until i get to the conclusion of the mystery he lays out from page one.while my high rating does n't mean i rate this as being on par with some of the other genres i read , this book certainly ranks on the top of the pile with others in it 's type . look past some of the obvious `` that could never happen '' moments , and just enjoy the quick and exciting mystery for what it is and you 'll probably feel the same way .
= exciting mystery
< a good read , but not great

> schick quattro is a decent razor for legs and under arms . the blades glided smoothly over my skin . it provides an ok shave but i am not terribly impressed . the schik comes with a very convenient plastic holder that you can attach to the bathroom wall through the suction cups . the razor includes a built-in trimmer that is powered by aaa batteries . the trimmer contains an adjustable comb.that 's where the positive characteristics end . the design is not ergonomic and the too slender body does not offer a good grip on the blade . but then , you turn it around and the trimmer is too bulky ! the trimmer ... it is not only super loud , it is quite dangerous if you use it without the comb attachment . you can really cut your skin because the speed is to fast and strong.use another razor of your preference and bikini touch as a trimmer .
= dangerous trimmer
< decent shave but not a good shave

> i like this device but i was not blown away . it works well and did n't take too much time to set up once i found the manual online . i have listed my impressions : pros+ setup was not too difficult - has browser wizard and quick router setup mobile app ( huge ! ) + d-link cloud management allows you to monitor and manage your network from anywhere+ provides usb share port and 4 ( four ) gigabit ethernet ports for connectivity for your devices+ preset security appears to be secure+ stylish and does not take up too much spacecons- huge negative is that is does not include instructions , you need to go online for that and is n't that what you made this purchase for ? to get online ? - price seems a bit high compared to other comparable devicesi would recommend this one as a solid choice but there are cheaper options out there .
= 4 stars
< works well , but not blown away

> while a handful of characters in john grisham & # 8217 ; s novel , sycamore row , were reprised from the earlier book , a time to kill , the real success in the new novel is the huge cast of interesting and well-developed cast of complex characters through whom grisham displays the full range of human motivation and behavior . we & # 8217 ; re back at the clanton courthouse in ford county three years after the earlier novel , and attorney jake brigance gets a new case that will strain racial tensions in the county . the question for the court to resolve involves the settlement of a multi-million dollar estate . grisham tells a great story in this novel , and i was thoroughly entertained , especially by the quirks of so many of the interesting characters in this book.rating : four-star ( i like it )
= ensemble
< grisham

> i do n't suppose peas , carrots , wheat and corn are part of a dog 's natural diet , but this is dried dog food and i guess we ca n't complain about fillers otherwise we 'd be feeding them meat from the butchers or canned dog food . having said that , my dog chows ( pun intended ) this down just like any other and has no complaints . the bag has a zip lock to it , which is good , otherwise i have to fold the edges and use a large clip to close it and this is more airtight . i try to vary my dog 's diet so he does n't keep eating the same thing so this can just one of the variations . overall , i have no complaints .
= not bad ...
< my dog likes it , but i have no complaints

> what an emotional ride ! ! ! you did n't have a minute to breathe ... you just get wrapped up in the story and you wo n't be able to put it down ! ! the letters , the feelings , the art at times it is just too much , but you ca n't stop reading . the ending omg ! ! ! i am just thankful that after forever is released otherwise i would be struck in this place of omg ... jasinda wilder is totally amazing how she brings her characters and their stories become apart of you ! cade and ever one phrase says it all , & # 34 ; our souls fused ... & # 34 ;
= our souls fused ... .
< i ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> grace is a girl who is obsessed with a wolf who lives behind her house , he has haunting yellow eyes . sam , that wolf turns into a boy when he weather is warm and has also been obsessed with grace . a wolf attack happens in the town and controversy appears.this book is very good for those who love the obsessive teen love genre . if you loved twilight and did n't dislike the obsessiveness of bella 's love then you will love grace and sam.however , if you like a little mystery or hard to get in your romance then you will be rolling your eyes ( as i did ) as you read the novel .
= obsession
< a obsessive teen love story

> these bars live up to their description , mocha flavor with fiber . each bar contains 36 % of the recommended daily value of fiber . they have 9 grams of fiber , 7g of sugar , 3g of sugar alcohols , 120 calories , 4 g of fat , 125 mg of sodium , 95 mg potassium , and 2 g of protein . the mocha flavor is very dominant and the bar is rather chewy . if you love coffee and are in a hurry this may be a good way to get your coffee fix and fiber at the same time . but for a granola bar i found the sugar and calorie content high .
= coffee in a fiber bar
< mocha flavor with fiber

> this chocolate delight granola comes with rich dark chocolate chunks that create a tasty breakfast . i recommend adding some sugar with milk for a richer taste . dark chocolate has lowering of high blood pressure and it is a potent antioxidant . although i liked the taste of this mix , but i thought it is a little pricey . if you are health conscious and like chocolate this could be your choice . you may also be pleased to know that it does n't have artificial flavors or fructose corn syrup.1.galaxy granola not sweet vanilla munch - 6 pack2.hi-country cereal mix3.kingslake & crane hale & hearty granola
= tasty breakfast food
< tasty chocolate chunks

> a friend told me not to waste my time watching this . boy , was he wrong . i bought the dvd here from amazon and have watched everything on the dvd within 2 days . yes i even watched the movies with commentary . i loved it . wow ! from the great battles of the roman legions in germania to morocco and then rome . what an epic . i felt like i was there ... and no where is their a part where you feel you want to pause the movie . it is a non-stop watcher . you must see this ...
= an epic saga
< rome

> at around a buck a can , very expensive for 8.3 ounces of carbonated apple juice ( with lesser amounts of grape juice , aceola whatever that is , finally actual cherry juice , plus some vitamin c added ) .with the 100 % juice banner all over that can , you might be led to believe it 's 100 % cherry juice . . . it 's not . taste is not unlike a typical cherry soda pop . expected sugar content ( natural ) . 130 calories . i 'm not likely to make future purchases of this one .
= 8.3 ounces of expensive mixed juice
< not bad , but not great

> i typically use gillete foam for sensitive skin . when i stray from my gillette , i typiclaly end up with irritated skin . i was happily impressed with this unique product , however . it does not latther , so it 's cleaner to apply . just a thin application , and my shave was every bit as comfortabe as my foam product . unlike some other reviewers , i do n't have any problem at all with the scent . the packaging is a lot smaller than the big foam cans too . very happy with this alphagel .
= works as good as ( maybe better than ) my foam
< great shave , but does not latther

> wow ! ! just ... wow ! such a different story line and explosive surprises that you cant help but be awed by this amazing book ! not only does it deal with difficult topics but it does it in a interesting and amazing way . i loved the fact that the girl in the story is there to help the guy and not the other way around . its such a beautiful story that you cant help but fall in love with the characters ! i can not wait for the sequel ! ! !
= different and completely wonderful ! !
< wow ! ! !

> i just loved , loved , loved this story ! ! ! ! cage is just so sexy and so hot ! ! ! ! this series is fantastic . axel , the first on the series was excellent too . ca n't wait to read beck ! ! ! harper sloan you rock ! ! ! your writing is so special , because you add so much detail and great plots . they r not just easy reading , they r filled with very intricate story lines ! ! ! great job .
= kathy
< cage is just so good ! ! !

> the series gets better with the second book . more characters are introduced and more secrets are revealed . after what had happened to her in `` consequences '' , claire was now smarter and shrewder in `` truth '' and ready to challenge tony at his game . tony showed attempts at redeeming himself by trying to be a better person for claire . though tony was a horrendous monster in the first book , i still found myself rooting for him and claire .
= clarie proved to be a worthy opponent
< gets better

> i rated dove men care sensitive face lotion 4 stars because it is a nice lotion . it has a nice scent and is non-greasy.some of the ingredients are questionable ? cyclopentasiloxane , caprylic/capric triglyceride , cetearyl alcohol , ammonium acryloyldimethyltaurate/vp copolymer , peg-100 stearate , sohexadecane , fragrance , dimethicone , disodium edta , iodopropynyl butylcarbamate.overall , a good lotion , i would n't necessarily use it on my face because it is not all natural but i have used it on my legs .
= i like it
< i like it

> when retired cia agents become the target of assassination attempts , they fight back . this action comedy proves that some things do get better with age.the old black ops team of bruce willis , morgan freeman , helen mirren , and john malkovich is joined by newcomer mary-louise parker . together they must elude top level assassins and discover who 's trying to kill them and why.i especially enjoyed seeing a different side of helen mirren and morgan freeman .
= especially enjoyed seeing a different side of helen mirren and morgan freeman .
< a action comedy that that some things do get better

> okay , since this is minus the booze this is a severe setback as i was a fan of the original appletini for its potent and flavorful buzz.that being said for a low calorie drink this did have a pretty fair apple flavor and was refreshing enough to hit the spot & go beyond the usual kool-aid , berry flavors . too bad it is a limited edition flavor as i could get used to this .
= not bad for a drink without the booze-bite .
< not bad , but not great

> donald pleasence and jamie lee curtis star in john carpenter's1978 horror film . a doctor hunts an escaped killer stalking ababysitter and her friends . this is one of the 1st dvd versionsi 've bought and it not only has good picture and sound , butit 's extended with 4 scenes shot for tv . you can also findthis extended cut in the 2-disc limited edition . definitelyadd this horror classic to your collection .
= `` horror classic ! ''
< `` one of the 1st dvd ''

> we love all things spicy and mexican but this sauce is not worth it . it is very mild and has little chipotle flavor . it looks like thousand island dressing but adds no flavor . empty and flavorless calories . my recommendation ( if you want a kick to your sauce ) is the frontera brand . now that one has flavor and spice !
= not worth it
< not worth it

> this lutein supplement is a great addition to a healthy diet : taken once a day with water , this is helpful for improvements in skin , eyes , and other tissues ... decent price , good product , would recommend !
= great supplement , easy to take
< great addition to a healthy diet

> a beautifully written profile of one dysfunctional family . as painful as this type of topic can be , i could not put this book down . i admire ms. wall for sharing her story . many thanks .
= bravo !
< a dysfunctional family

> such a touching story make me cried . shane , is a great hero ; so nice of him to name his son after his best friend .
= & # 128077 ; & # 128077 ; & # 128077 ; & # 128077 ;
< beautiful

> significance is a powerful and mouth watering paranormal romance . from the start crane gives a abrupt romance that will take readers a moment to grasp . the instantaneous love between maggie and caleb lacks the build up that captivates and mystifies readers . as the character come to terms with their uncontrollable heart stopping romance ; so will the readers . to overcome this significant 's have a rare ability to read one another 's minds ; for readers this will allow us to see past the intensity of this romance to truly learn the character . this display of creativity shows talent , and the authors importance to detail and genuine emotion . i am enthralled with all of the characters of the story with each unique and lovable personality . as a hopeless romantic i loved the possessive and protective nature of caleb and his family . this family offers her love , acceptance , and stability that helps her to transform from a young girl to a young woman by the end of the book . not everyone is happy about the imprint , and maggie soon finds herself in the middle of a feud . with anger that has been seething for years , she is the chip that could sway the scale and the enemy will stop at nothing to have her . by the end of the book i struggled to recall any of the difficulty that i experience at the beginning , but as a reviewer i felt obligated to acknowledge some structural struggles . by the end of the novel shelly crane has proven to not only be a talented writer , but a story teller . i ca n't wait to see what happens in accordance , especially now that we have overcome the difficulty of starting such a complex story . bookwhisperer recommended ! ! !
= bookwhisperer reviews significance
< a powerful and mouth watering paranormal romance

> i had to watch this standing right in front of the screen . the clarity ( especially considering the age of the movie ) was amazing . it 's so clear you can actually see how some of the physical effects were done . for example , watch the pen floating scene in the shuttle flight from the earth to the space station . you can actually see the clear plastic disc it 's stuck to - down to the wipe marks and prints ! they could have done a better job cleaning it up though . there are annoying black specs in some scenes that never move . it 's almost as if there was crud on the scanner for some scenes . easy to clean up , but they did not bother.scifi fan , kubrick fan , or just curious - get this movie . the cultural references to this movie can be found in so many other movies and tv shows it 's nary impossible to list . the simpsons , futurama , monty python , south park , and robots comes to mind . hal 's `` eye '' has been copied a million times over . `` open the pod bay doors , hal '' `` my god , it 's full of stars '' `` daisy , daisy ... '' and many more one liners are part of our culture.it 's also a great deal as far as bluray flicks go.most of the reviews here are for the dvd version - not the bluray . few of the problems mentioned for the dvd release appear in the bluray version - apart from some of the crud i mentioned , and some jerky motion here and there.it 's a must-have for your collection . it was actually the 1st bluray movie i purchased .
= great movie , so crisp you can see the flaws !
< a great movie , but not great

> the lovely bones by alice sebold is a heart wrenching account of a young girl 's untimely death and how it not only affects her but also how it affects all those around her . it gives us a possible inside look at what happens to those that are left behind and how they cope over time with the ugliness of rape and murder.this story is graphic and to the point . i have to admit i cried during the second cd and my heart was breaking for this imaginary child . once past this i was able to listen to a well written story that really gave me real insight into what goes on after the fact . what happens to those who are left behind and robbed of the love of a child . how siblings deal with this devastation and learn from it . how the entire populace that may or may not have known this child deal with the stark reality of the ultimate cruelty.the author has told the story from the murdered young girl 's point of view as she resides in heaven . a story that is rich with possibility of a better life to follow full of happiness beyond measure . a story of how this young girl watches her family on earth wishing she could let them know that she is okay and happy so as to end their pain and help them move on with the lives they should have had . a story so rich in emotion , perfectly crafted in literary style as to capture you with each word , sentence and paragraph to keep you needing to hear more . a perfect example of a storyteller doing what they do best .
= hard reality life throws at us
< a heart wrenching story

> i obtained a shipment of this product though amazon 's promotional vine program , but it 's very easy for me to write a review based on much experience with purina beneful . . . we have used it for years ! we have a few favorite brands that we rotate through , including iams and science diet , and this is one of them ( and is the most economically priced ) in short : our two small dogs love this brand . it is reasonably priced . and we are inclined to trust the purina name regarding quality control and nutrition content.a great new improvement , which i did not see touted in the amazon product listing , is the new bag . it 's made from a fabric reinforced plasticized material ( like tarp material ) and has a zip-lock closure at the top . no more fighting with sewn seams and busted open paper dog food bags . a great , great feature . whoever did this obviously has experience feeding dogs at home.the only negative ( and is not really a problem ) , is that the dogs tend to `` pick and choose '' among the beneful morsels and end up depositing the least desired ones on the floor outside of the dish . ( the obvious solution is to suspend feeding until they 've cleaned all of it up , which they eventually do ) .this is not a boutique dog food touting organics , choice cuts of meat , or a pedigree of natural ingredients , but it is a proven product from a trusted name that my dogs have consistently liked as we 've rotated it into their food mix over the years .
= a trusted staple in our dogs ' diet
< great for dogs , but not a boutique dog food

> the incredibles is one of the best superhero movies ever made . watching the surprisingly realistic computer animation , it raises the question , `` why do n't we make all our superhero movies this way ? '' let 's face it , the special effects in `` live-action '' films are just as computer-generated as these . watch the way frozone ( samuel l. jackson ) creates an ice-slide . will iceman ( of the x-men ) ever be able to do something similar in a live-action film . the whole look of the film is terrific - capturing the feel , the architecture , and the look of golden-era comic books . personally , i usually find computer-generated humans to be a bit creepy , but this film is successful because it eschews realism in favor or caricature for its characters.the story is as funny as any animated feature i 've seen : superheroes are forced to retire and adjust to civilian life . of course , that ca n't last forever and the incredibles come out of hiding . the funniest character turns out to be a fashion designer who answers the question , `` where do superheroes get their costumes from ? `` the film is much more grown-up than one would expect - especially about violence . elastigirl tells her children : `` you know those cartoons you used to watch on saturday morning ? this is n't like that . these people wo n't show restraint just because you are children - they will kill you if they get the chance . '' it is because of the seriousness of some of the violence that this picture is n't suitable for the very little .
= one of the best superhero movies ever made ...
< one of the best superhero movies ever made

> i had this book in my tbr bunch for awhile , mostly because i have so many books and there and not enough time . anyway , i am so sorry that i did n't read it sooner . i loved it . started out one way , went off in another way and ended in yet another . emmy and kyle , hmm , i just wanted it to work between them in the very worst way . they were perfect together in so many ways , yet for obvious reasons ( you will see ) , they were so very wrong for each other . the whole book is spent with me sitting at the edge of the cliff wondering what will happen next . no spoilers here , so pick it up , grab a glass of wine and sit back for a rollercoaster ride with some fun banter , witty comments , love , lust and some more love , heartbreak , and sorrow . its not a cliffhanger , yeah , and lets just say , i never settle for anything les than a hea , but , but , but , i 'm not sure if in some ways , that i wasnt hoping for a different ending . you will have to experience it for yourself . i am absolutely on my way to read the next book , worthy of redemption .
= lots of twists and turns
< loved it !

> i have a few flat irons , this is my new favorite ! after i wash and dry my hair , i have a lot to work with . it is super thick and very long . i have to flat iron it just to bring it down to a more smooth , manageable state.compairing this to my previous favorite bedhead straightener , i find my hair looks so much better after using the remington s9520 . i would say they both heat up at about the same speed . the digital temperature controls work very nicely , and are uniquely subtle when the flat iron is turned off . when turned on , the numbers clearly show in the handle what the temperature is set at.my hair pulls though it very smoothly , without and pulling or snagging . the plates have a bit of give to them when pressing them together . i find this results in a softer , smoother result with my hair . with long hair and thick hair , these wide plates are much better to use over the 1 inch irons , as it would take all day to flat iron so much hair.if you looking for soft , smooth hair that keeps it 's body , try this remington.if your looking specifically for that super straight , asian smooth hair style from an iron , then try a bedhead .
= makes my long , super thick hair silky smooth !
< my new favorite !

> ok , so every year when the weather gets cooler we get mice in our house . we live out in the country , so it is unavoidable . i saw this little contraption and thought it sounded like a decent product to trap the mice and me not have to deal with them or see them . usually i use the glue traps and then you have to throw a live mouse stuck on glue in the trash and it just seems so wrong . so anyway , i gave these kill and seal traps a try . i put 2 of them back in my bathroom closet where i had seen some mouse droppings and i also saw the darn mouse itself one day when it darted out of the closet when i opened the door . i am not sure why , but the mouse must be avoiding this trap because there are still mouse droppings but no mouse in the trap ! there are droppings literally right beside the trap too , so i am not sure what is going on or where this mouse came from that he is so dang smart . weird ! ! i guess i will go back to the glue traps since we always catch the mice that way .
= not so sure about this thing
< i 'm not sure why i 'm not sure why i 'm using them

> aubrey is freaking feisty oh jake , jake , is freaking awesome for a rockstar boyfriend , the boy is amazing . the reston the band is pretty awesome too but let 's not forget aubrey granny is is too much with her mouth , love her as a granny . her ex jeremy , is way pass the loony bin , omg how can he be such a ruthless human being , he should have never let out outside those prison walls he was in smh.i had this book for awhile in my library i am very happy to finally read it , if i knew it would have been this good i would have done reading it earlier . that was a beautiful rock and roll love story with two broken spirits love it . aubrey is the best freaking heroine ever , i love her comebacks , gosh i lover her character . all the guys in the band are great especially sweet kevin . i have read a lot of rockstar stories but this one touch my heart in a way , it feel so real and live .
= rockstar awesome
< i love aubrey !

> i took this sunscreen with me to universal studios and am happy with the way it protected my skin . i was in the hot florida sun all day and did not experience any burning on my face , neck , ears or arms , where i normally crisp up bright red in a matter of minutes . my skin is very sensitive , but did not experience any negative reactions.as for the `` hydrate '' aspect , i will say that as soon as you apply it you feel a refreshing lotiony feeling that is most likely due to the mineral oil . it feels nice , especially on dry skin , but really is n't much of a selling point . it feels pretty much the same as any other sunscreen to me.overall : great sunscreen from banana boat that is only moderately greasy and protects skin from harmful uvs . the 'hydrate ' feature is little more than a marketing scheme , so consider it a perk but not anything special . i give this sunscreen a decent recommendation .
= keeps the burn away , a little greasy , overall good
< great sunscreen , but not for me

> ember is groped one night in a club & is saved by trace , a muscled hot tattooed man who she later finds herself running into all over the city . quickly she realizes that trace is dark & damaged and she feels the need to help him uncover his secrets , promising to love him no matter what . trace 's secrets are pretty disturbing but are very involved & quite difficult to follow . and when he starts to panic about his past & how it might put ember in danger , he pushes her away . i would never stick by his side but with other people telling ember that this is what he is going to do & that she needs to hold firm , that is exactly what she does , even as painful as trace makes it to stick with him .
= ember & trace
< ember is saved

> the edge of never was a great book so i was unsure if a sequel could live up to it . the edge if always was a good book but not great when compared to the first.the first half of the book just seemed drag land something seemed to just be missing.andrew survived his surgery and recovered . they are building their new life . cam is pregnant and things progress as they should , to a point . then tragedy strikes and they are soon trying to pick up the pieces and go on.this book has ups and down but ends with a nice hea . nothing earth shattering takes place but it is a nice story none the less.the hospital scene was gut wrenching but it was a nice touch to add to this book . made me rate this book a wee bit higher .
= a nice sequel
< a wee bit higher

> recently widowed walt kowalski is a tough , bad tempered retired autoworker who is estranged from just about everyone in his life . other than his deceased wife dorothy , walt 's only other source of affection is his 1972 gran torino.despite walt 's stubborn efforts , his old neighborhood is in decline and under siege by a group of young hmong thugs . a failed attempt by his neighbor thao to steal the gran torino unwittingly brings thao and walt together . led by his articulate and bright sister sue , thao must make amends by working for walt . this leads somewhat predictably to a friendship . it is , however , the consequences of that friendship that creates the tension and drama of the movie . clint eastwood stars and directs this stirring film .
= stirring film .
< eastwood stars

> this is the second flavor of switch i 've had and it was ... not terribly pleasant . first off , it seemed rather syrupy , but then i realized that 's just because the sweetness factor is , apparently , set to eleven . it was n't actually a struggle to finish it , but it was so cloyingly sweet it makes the average episode of `` full house '' look like sour , cynical crap . it made me want to reach for insulin , though i do n't take any.i suppose this might be a good drink for young children who do n't have well-developed palettes , but if you 're past the age of , say , nine , this probably is n't the drink for you .
= technically drinkable .
< not bad , but not great

> i am a fan of the venus razors , but this beauty was a really close shave , it was great . it came with a little suction cup holder for in the shower . the razor needs aa batteries for the trimmer , which surprisingly does not snag or pull that delicate hair area . it just trims - what a novel idea . no pain , just a decent trimmer.but after shaving for a week this razor still has a great blade . i do leave mine in the shower . i shave every day out of habit , but the shave was close enough that i could have gotten away with skipping a day or so shaving.all in all i was impressed and would definitely get another .
= love it , i would use it again , i would definitely purchase another
< great shave

> peeled snacks organic apple clusters are delicious and taste just like good dried apples should . they are conveniently bite-sized and do n't leave any gunk on your hands . the cinnamon is a nice touch and overall these taste way better than a similar competing product i tried from costco . my only complaint is that they start but very , very hard and crunchy in you mouth , but as you chew them they do transition quickly into a pleasing consistency . the ingredients are short and natural , mainly apples and apple juice with some potato starch and cinnamon , making them a healthy snack choice .
= tasty but too crunchy
< delicious and crunchy

> i absolutely enjoyed this book . it is sweet , cute , sexy , funny and leaves you feeling warm . chemistry between caroline and simon was great and their compatibility is palpable . though physically attracted to each other , caroline resisted her feelings towards simon as she was put off by his `` harem of wallbangers '' and tried to stay as platonic friends initially . however , they could not fight their strong affection and attraction for one another making them such a sweet and adorable couple . is there a sequel ?
= leaves you feeling warm
< sweet , sexy , sexy , sexy , sexy , sexy

> i had a tough time finishing this one . overall it was a good book , but it just did n't keep my attention . it just seemed to go on and on . i left it for a couple of days and read two other books before coming back and finishing it . i ca n't remember ever doing that before . i have always been a stickler about once i start a book that i finish it . otherwise , it was a nice story .
= tough time
< good book

> as i said on vol . 1 , quentin tarantino worked his @ $ $ off but this time , he made the series better ! this movie is sooo much better than the first that i loved this one ! see , the first one had all action and no storyline but on this one , more storyline and less action.just so know , uma dosent `` kill bill '' the way you 'd think she would ( hope i diddnt ruin it for you ) .
= tarantino 's best film ...
< on the top

> i am not a vegetarian , but i only eat small amounts of meat and almost never eat any beef , so i wanted to begin taking a b-12 vitamin . i was n't expecting a pleasant taste and boy was i surprised . these actually taste great and are easy to chew . they are n't very big either . i have n't been taking them long enough to notice a difference in my health , but i am really pleased with the taste !
= great taste
< great taste !

> a must read for a great romance ! the story of rule and shaw and their roller coaster of love . he is the typical tattoed bad boy and she is the beautiful straight a rich girl . they both have problem from their pasts that makes it hard to have a successful relationship . the book has not be edited at this time but please look past that and read the great story of rule archer ... you will not be disappointed .
= great read !
< a must read !

> this is a great film . i think it 's the 2nd best of the trilogy . the widescreen edition looks great and also has a few extra scenes added in . i think that i would buy a version with more extras though . most movies have a bunch of crappy and boring extras , but this trilogy has some great extra material to offer . if i were to buy this movie again , i would get a more loaded edition .
= the epic conclusion
< great film

> i love this book it was great ... it is frustrating in a situation like this where you do not know who to root for when you have chris who was claire 's rock and loved her and then he pursued his dream while she went through something alone which he never knew her secrets but then you have adam who is funny and witty and balances claire out . this is definitely a great read ... i read it pretty fast .
= great book
< great book

> always ready to try something new . the problem with this product is that it did not have a lot of flavour to it . you would expect a strong expresso taste but what i tasted was water ? the only plus with this is that it only has 100 calories . but when i want a cold coffee shot i will stick to my frappacino ( bottled from the grocery store not from the starbucks )
= not a lot of flavour
< not a fan

> a very interesting novel . a combination of first thoughts , wisdom , and experience brings us to the title `` blink '' . i have always enjoyed the reading on the whys and wherefores of actions of the human race . always being surprised this book brought the fact to me that somewhere along the line i had learned quite a bit . i hightly recommend the book .
= thin slicing
< a very interesting novel

> kaleb and zoey are definitely keepers , you want them to be happy , from friends to lovers , the best way to start a steamy relationship , oh gage just adds to the fog factor . love the steamy , ca n't wait for travis ' s story , he is the brother of mystery . great read .
= good , omg oh so good !
< love the steamy relationship

> i read this after jet yeah yeah i know but like i 've said before i tend to read out of order . i actually liked this one moe then jet . i mean this storyline and dialogue was just better . plus i love rule he 's just one of those guys you know . i recommend both though
= love
< loved it

> i think the story is cute . but when you get the book , it 's only 200+ pages . i think the author could have elongated it a bit and expanded the ending we all would be coming anyhow . a good read and quick one at that !
= cute story
< cute story

> hard to rate this one because i loved the first book jake and abby but not so much aj and mia . i think katie really missed the mark on this one . mia would turn on a dime and was a solid character for me .
= meh ...
< good

> i laughed all the way through this book ! ! such a funny love story . i do n't think i have ever laughed as much at any book as i did this story . this is definitely a 5 star book .
= awesome
< hilarious

> i love james ! he is so swoon worthy . bianca seriously needs to get with program ! so very excited to read the lat book : )
= love it
< james james

> i was n't sure if i would like this book , but so glad i gave it a chance . this was a good story
= losing it
< good

> `` the last samurai '' is an excellent film , respectful of its source material even while telling a fictional story . the `` foreigner joins a warrior culture , taking on their strange dress and winning their respect '' story is well-represented on film and in history , from bonnie prince charlie to `` lawrence of arabia '' and `` dances with wolves , '' as well as the japanese-themed `` shogun , '' which is based on the life of miura anjin/william adams . here , tom cruise is the stranger in a strange land , and the samurai of japan are the warrior culture.being no stranger to samurai films of japanese history , i was pleased by all aspects of `` the last samurai . '' both the modernizing meji government and the past-looking samurai of the period are well represented , although the samurai come out looking much better . the warrior code of bushido is not explained , and the lifestyle is completely romanticized , yet this is a movie and not a history text . emperor meji is well-played , which surprised me . he is neither hero nor villain . and there are ninjas , which improves every film.in the vein of the big hollywood epics , `` the last samurai '' serves up healthy doses of sweeping score , beautiful vistas and japan-landscape eye candy . the country has rarely looked so beautiful , although i bet some technicians spent plenty of time computer-erasing the omni-present power lines . the samurai armor , while not historically accurate , looks beautiful on film . there are more than a few scenes that leap beautifully from a kurosawa flick . a great looking cast helps as well.to this day , japan has difficulty rationalizing tradition and modernization , as can be seen in books such as `` dogs and demons . '' `` the last samurai '' has some good lessons for modern japan , and some good entertainment for us all .
= stranger in a strange land
< `` the last samurai ''

> story : goodintimacy level : goodenjoyment : goodlength : 2673 kindlestyle : contemporary rocker romancethe band , black falcon , they put the func in dysfunctional . between the groupies and whose sleeping with who , it was a quick , entertaining read . lane 's marketing company sends her for a few weeks to hang around the rich , sexy , rocker , noel falcon , to get a big contract . the problem , he is her ex whom she dumped after graduation . now that he actually made it and she is nowhere near to moving up the ladder to her career , she does n't want to do this gig . now forced on a tour bus with him leads to a rekindled romance with a few secrets.i liked this story . i found noel 's character to be sexy , mostly because of how he still feels about lane . of course , they hit a few rough patches in the beginning , middle and end of the story . but reading these two story as it develops was a little fun . i was also entertained by lane 's experience on tour with noel , with the groupies and being behind stage with them was interesting . i enjoyed their chemistry and physical interaction while they are reconnecting with each other . one of the best moments , without giving it away , the song `` faithfully '' by journey . i love that song and that moment got an awwwwwwww moment from me.the other characters were interesting . but not sure how i felt about aubrey , lane 's best friend and riff , noel 's band mate . that was a little too easy for me . however , riff was quite the character as he bumps heads with noel a bit and for good reasons . i am curious to see where the author takes the next book rock my bed .
= ; 0 )
< riff , riff , riff , riff , riff , riff , riff , riff

> what makes the iron man movies great is that it all `` looks '' so real and exec producer jon favreau ( who directed the first two ) keeps his hands on and does an excellent job making it all pretty believable as well . and that 's saying a lot for a movie about a guy that creates an `` iron '' suit that is not only a lean mean fighting machine , but can fly . there 's a bit more cheese and silliness in iron man 3 than the first two , but it all still works well.who better to be in the role of the eccentric , wise-guy tony stark than robert downey , jr. ? man , does he nail the role of stark or what ? ! the rest of the cast , especially villain guy pearce , was terrific . pearce does a great comic book-esque bad guy . don cheadle ( iron patriot ) and gwyneth paltrow ( pepper potts ) add some nice flavor to this installment , but i got ta say , the less i see of them in an iron suit in any subsequent films the better.iron man 3 picks up wheremarvel 's the avengersleft off and has stark dealing with two issues : 1 ) post traumatic stress disorder , and 2 ) a slighted scientist from his past . oh , and a third issue is a terrorist called the mandarin that ultimately twists beautifully into the film . there 's plenty of action and tons of visual candy . the story is well-written and shane black in the director 's chair keeps the viewer clamoring more of marvel 's series of avengers related films over the next several years.iron man 3 may not be the best in the iron man or marvel superhero franchise , but it 's still a great movie . worthy of an on demand viewing at minimum .
= iron man lives again
< the best of the series

> how stubborn i am to have thought they could n't do the fantastic four justice on film - i was so wrong.this movie is unbelievably remarkable . the cast worked very well together to bring forward the same incredible mix that made `` fantastic four '' the superb franchise it had been in the first place ! the cgi for reed richards worked excellently ... this was the area i would have thought they 'd botch up on and make to look unfaithful to what was expected , but it was so incredibly `` ff '' from the get-go ! too much fun and true to the character.along with ioan gruffudd , jessica alba , chris evans and michael chiklis all did remarkable jobs with their characters too ... and let 's not forget julian macmahon 's sinister performance as dr. doom ! the care that went into this production is evident and it comes through in the finished product . i must give credit to all parties involved.as far as the sound and video of the blu-ray presentation , at 18mb/s and with dts hd master audio it looks and sounds great ! if you 're into your marvel universe , then i so highly recommend `` fantastic four '' ! even those who just like great movies will enjoy this , i believe.i can finally watch its silver surfer sequel which came with the special ps3 bundle i got . : ) '' fantastic four '' true to its roots , is big production ... big story ... big fun ... very well done !
= flippin fantastic !
< fantastic movie !

> hot factor : 2 versions - 1 steamy / 1 mildborrow or buy : buy ( but wait until the next book in the series ) typos : i did not notice anythis book has great characters that stand out in the sea of similar stories available . when 's the last time you read about a deaf alpha male ? the author knows how to write a compelling story . i really loved how two versions are provided : a sexy one and a less steamy one . what a great idea ! please note that the 400+ pages includes both versions so the story is about 200+.this story is a great mix of emotion and sexual chemistry . the hero and heroine do not jump immediately into bed which is refreshing - that is not to say that there are not hot scenes ( version depending i 'm guessing ) . it also contains some heavy issues but it does n't go into soap opera territory . i read this book in one sitting and cared about the reed family.if i loved the characters and the story , why not 5 stars ? i really hate cliffhanger endings . i understand a series means the story continues but the series is called reed brothers so i was hoping it was a complete story about one of them - it is not.this book was worth the money and time spent reading it . however , i would recommend waiting for the next in this series before starting .
= 4.5 stars
< hot factor - a great read

> i 'd had a specific image in mind here . basically what i 'd pictured was something like an oreo cookie with mint creme filling that was then dipped in chocolate . that 's not what i got . what did i get ? you ever have girl scout mint cookies ? that 's basically what these are.these cookies are a single oreo cookie , not two sandwiched together , filled with a mint creme and then coated with chocolate . they are n't bad , and are in fact quite tasty , but it basically just girl scout cookies.also , sheesh , look at that price ! you wan na know what you should do ? go out and get some mint oreo cookies and some almond bark chocolate . then you melt the almond bark and dip the cookies into it . they wo n't be nearly as smooth looking , but they 'll be a : tastier , b : more like an oreo cookie dipped in chocolate and c : way cheaper . if you wan na go a different route you can even get regular oreos , the almond bark and some mint extract . stir a small amount of that in with the chocolate . mmmmm ! bottom line : these are good , but they are n't that good and certainly are n't worth the extra-high price you pay for less than half the amount of cookies .
= tasty , if not what i 'd expected .
< good , but not great

> an outstanding film , forrest gump , follows the life of a young boy from alabama as he grows up and through him sheds light not only on his life , but on modern american history as well.it is a film about human relations , hope and second chances , but most importantly about trust , love , innocence , friendship , and inner strength.tom hanks , and the rest of the cast , have outdone themselves with their performances , which are exceptional to say the least . all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ( the chemistry is amazing ) ! very well written and very well presented , the movie is without a doubt guaranteed to provide more than just a few laughs , not to mention quite a few tears . the film is simple enough , but does a great job of describing people 's every day lives and the problems they face . it just goes to show that simplicity is often far better than complexity , when trying to present issues of a human nature.the setting , the plot , the dialogues , the humor , and the music are all wonderful ! in short , forrest gump is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection ( if you have n't already done so ) !
= simply wonderful !
< a movie worth watching !

> lily owens does n't have much incentive to hang around home . her father beats her , her mother is dead , and her nanny is jailed and beaten by racists as she registers to vote . surrounded daily by bees swarming in her honey-filled bedroom wall , she captures some of them to prove to her neglectful father that there is a problem in her room . one day she opens the jar to let the bees fly free , and she feels a voice inside saying , `` lily , your jar is open . '' thus begins her adventure . rescuing rosaleen , her nanny , from jail , they run away . following clues from items left behind by her mother , lily ends up in a little pink house in tiburton , south carolina , where she finds out who her mother was , what life is all about , and where true strength and courage lie . she finds friendship , love , support , and some women who are more her mother than her mother had ever been . the recurrent theme of bees and honey lead lily to appreciate nature and the beauty of simplicity and reality . the characters in this book are flamboyant and unrealistic in many ways but also very endearing . as the book finishes , it is difficult to leave the little pink house .
= the secret life of bees and the secret of life
< the beauty of simplicity

> trilogy 's , series or just the third book ... my opinion and again this is my opinion ... it seems number 3 just does n't live up to what you expect ? ? ? ( not bad just not great ) this book was a long read . i love gabriel and his brown eye angel julianne . this book seemed to be very religious in gabriels ' redemption . but do n't get me wrong i felt moved by the things that happen in the book . people that do evil will get evil in return . i loved the first two books gabriel 's inferno and gabriel 's rapture . i read them last year when they came out . i was very excited about this book coming out and of cousre re-read the first two books . book 3 ... again it was a very long read . the storyline was good but at times i had to skim . the heat and passion was very well written . the bad people got their just reward and it ended with your hea . but getting there was a struggle for them and for you reading it . i rate this a 3 1/2 star because i am a fan of the first 2 books . i do recommend all 3 books to read because they are excellent books . fin
= book 3 in series ... .can go either way
< i love gabriel and gabriel 's inferno

> i have a version of this movie on laserdisc and have enjoyed it immensely many times . i ordered this version because of my appreciation of the movie and a desire to get it all on one disc ; the laserdisc version takes three sides of two discs.this blu-ray edition provides excellent sound and picture with heavy involvement of the surround speakers ; i was very pleased with the results . this movie has aged well , it does a much better than average job of telling the story of an alien invasion . since its release there have been numerous additional films based on this topic , most of which do not really measure up to id4.i was impressed all over again with the depth of character development found in this film , especially in comparison with some of the newer releases on the subject . i found myself developing a concern all over again for the characters and sharing their moments of sadness and elation.the version i ordered is a single disc which amazon sells for $ 8.99 ; it has the movie and five special features . for that price it 's a great value for those who love the movie and is available with free shipping with prime .
= great sci-fi film
< excellent movie

> thank you amazin ' amazon vine program and tp-link for the opportunity to review thistp-link tl-wdr3600 wireless n600 dual band router , gigabit , 2.4ghz 300mbps+5ghz 300mbps , 2 usb port , wireless on/off switch . the retail box was huge and plastic sealed all nice and shiny . set up was fast and simple without problems but i have never had a problem setting up any router that i can recall and sometimes i set up routers for friends who seem to think it is hugely complicated . i have set up routers for i think just about every company out there and tp-link is one of the better brands on the same quality as netgear in my opinion . anyhow , this router set up fine no problem and it looks well made and that it will stand up for a long time . amazon wants the reviews done right away ( within 30 days of receipt ) so that is why my review does n't cover how long it lasts long term , just the setup portion which is 5-stars ! thank you again , tp-link and amazin ' amazon vine program for the opportunity to review this wonderful router .
= set-up was painless fast and easy
< great router for the price

> fischer & wieser razzpotle roaster raspberry chipotle sauce is a great marinade/sauce base that i 've been enjoying for the past few days with family and friends . so far we 've tried it as a base for cruddite and chip dips , as a relish on grilled burgers , a base for salad dressings and have marinated chicken thighs and lamb chops in it as well . the initial taste sensation is strongly fruit based but within seconds the savory and smoky elements enter the picture finally tapering off with a faint bit of chipotle heat . overall , the ripe fruit flavors and complexity of savory elements provides a very complex flavor profile while enhancing every one of the ingredients/dishes i 've listed above . my personal favorite use of this sauce was as a marinade for lamb chops . the fruity-savoriness of this sauce matches perfectly with the fatty , gaminess of the lamb.my only caution on this product has to do with the fact that amazon sells this in packs of 6. if possible , i 'd recommend searching out a sample or a single bottle serving to determine if an entire 6-pack is a worthwhile purchase .
= complex and refreshing . a great addition to the pantry .
< great marinade/sauce base of fruit dips

> anyone growing up in the 60 's can remember that this movie was an annual must see tv event ! even 40 years later it still is as fresh as when it was first released . they do n't make em like this anymore and it is quite a shame . the innocent dorathy , conked on the head during a tornado , is mysteriously tranported to a world that comes alive with color.she awakens in the psychodelic land of the munchkins and immediately becomes a target for the wicked witch of the west . protected by the beautiful glenda and charmed by the entertaining munchkins , dorathy sets off for the city of oz where she hopes to find the wizard that will be able to send her home back to kansas . along the way she meets three friends who become some of the most memorable characters in movie history.interesting documentary footage added to the end showing buddy ebsen as the tin man and scenes that never made the movie.this is a movie for both adults and kids of all ages . my own kids started watching it from the time they were 3 !
= the music is superb !
< a classic for kids and kids

> it 's not easy finding treats for my child 's lunchbox . most of them are full of sugar and empty calories . these crips are only 100 calories and 8 grams of sugar per pack and there are two bars per pack . not bad ! i tried one as soon as i got the package . the outer crust is crispy , just like it says , but not hard and crunchy like a saltine cracker . it 's not sweet , some might call it bland , but i prefer that to the ultrasweet cookies available . the inside has just enough apple/cinnamon filling to give it flavor.i like these bars and would buy them for my child to fill her lunchbox rather than granola bars or cookies . they 're going to find their way into my lunchbox , too ! update : i sent them to school with my 4 yo today and she said gave them an enthusiastic thumbs up . alright !
= good lunchbox snack
< not bad , but not bad

> this thing looks kind of cool ... or at least unique , but when i went to use it , i realized just how different it was set up . i believe the manufacturer was trying too hard to come up with a unique product.i do like the rubber hinges - they remind me of shocks on an old car cd player or some hard drives , but that 's about the extent of it . i do n't even have that much facial hair , but after just a few tries , the blades are clogging way too quickly - i think they are too close together.and it is awkward . perhaps if i put some time into getting used to it , i may like it more , but that is a painful learning curve for something i consider a serious chore that i have to do while i 'm still half asleep in the mornings.for now , i will make do with my target disposables .
= not sold .
< not for me

> between home and work , i have used security suite programs from several different companies , but i have to say this is the best one i have used.no slow down , not a memory hog , no tagging non-viruses , it just does its job and only bothers you when there is a problem . one feature i really like is that it does most of its work when the computer is not in use . if i leave it to do something and come back later , it has scanned and cleaned up while i was gone.throw in all the features and benefits above and the fact you can instal it on up to 5 devices and you got one of the best security suites you can buy .
= magnificent security
< works great

> we do n't really get major stains on anything around our home , but i recently used this because we accidently got coffee on one of our thick drapes . well , after one wash with detergent , plus this tide stain release booster , the stains did n't come off . they did get lighter , but that could have been because of our regular laundry detergent . either way , the stains remained and though i have n't tried to wash them a second time , i 'm not sure if it would make any difference . i 'm rating this 3 stars because i have not extensively used this product , but on the one major item i did use it on , it failed .
= ca n't really tell how well it works
< not sure if it failed to be

> i 've never cried so hard in my life reading . i almost did n't get this book because i thought it sounded like the same old `` girl w problems '' book but this is so much more . damon is ... there are no words to explain everything he is . my heart aches for jo . their love is so strong and sexy and steamy . i only wish there would have been a few sections from damon 's point of view . ca n't wait to get started on the second book . hats cliffhanger s like that ... thank goodness i do n't have to wait months to transgressions book ... i do n't think i could handle it .
= best book ever
< i 'm did n't get enough of this book .

> we have been using this product to keep the gophers out of our garden . we live on a farm and it really gets to be a problem . this product is quick and easy to use . the sprayer works well and felt like good quality.this did so well at keeping the gophers ( we call them rock chucks here ) out that we sprayed a wide perimeter around the chicken coop to see if we can keep the skunks out . last year we lost 10 chickens to skunks . so far , so good . i know that we have had skunks in the are but none have attempted to get my chickens so i am pretty happy about that .
= we like this one for protecting our garden
< works well

> these taste like crispy pop tarts . ( just slightly less fruit . ) there 's a definite crunch . i love the apple cinnamon combination . the serving size is 2 crisps . individual serving sizes are wrapped together.these are delicious . i was afraid they 'd be like fig newtons -- which i hate . i highly recommend them . this is the best 100 calorie snack i 've run across so far . i can see myself packing these for lunch or grabbing them as a quick snack . this is the first grocery item that i 've received through amazon vine that i 'd be willing to purchase again with my own money .
= crispy pop tarts !
< delicious !

> i love this granola . it is packed with health benefits ( omega-3s , fiber , and more vitamins than bear naked fruit and nut , my go to granola ) . there is a variety of interesting and tasty grains . the cinnamon flavor is perfect without being too sweet.i sprinkled this on yogurt , pancakes with syrup ( just to change the texture , it was delicious ! ) , and ate it by the handfuls . every new combination i tried was a delicious treat.i truly enjoy this product.my one complaint is that it is more expensive than bear naked , and there is no subscribe and save buying option ( yet ) .
= very tasty treat
< delicious !

> i awaited the arrival of this tea mug and bag buddy expectantly , and i was not disappointed . the 16 oz . mug is just the right size and the double-walled glass keeps helps the tea retain its heat and keeps the mug from sweating . also the little green rubber do-dad on top not only helps you get all the flavor from the teabag without burning your fingers , but it also gives you a place to keep your teabag until you 're ready to get up and put it in the trash . i really ca n't think of anything that would improve this product .
= ingeniously simple
< not disappointed

> have tried both the sensitive and the hydrate shave gels . they both work great . feels good going on and does a nice job of lubing up my face for either the standard razor or the electric norelco sensotouch shaver in the shower . i prefer the hydrate over the sensitive which although is supposed to be `` scent neutral '' actually has a bit of an odd smell . the hydrate has a nice mild mature scent that is not at all overpowering . my only gripe is that they are a little pricey for the amount you get . otherwise , good stuff .
= works great with a blade or wet electric
< great shave

> i like the ease of use with the oatmeal cooked in its own container ( no need to wash a bowl afterward ) . i really liked all of the nuts in it which stayed crunchy even after cooking the oatmeal . the apple chunks were a nice addition to the oatmeal too . the only negative is the portion size . it would be perfect for children , but seemed a bit small for adults . but if you are watching your weight , it would be good for portion control .
= tastes good but would like a bigger portion
< nice oatmeal

> it 's surprising how fast you get into this book and the time reading it just flew by . ok the only reason i gave this book 4 not 5 stars was the fast ending . i loved every bit of this book , the characters , the length ... great story how all books should be ! it 's just after such a long read i felt it ended way to fast !
= do n't let the length put you off this one..totally worth it !
< wow !

> but personally , i found these too sweet and lacking the crisp black tea flavor lipton is known for.in reading the lipton narrative about having a desire to become a more eco-friendly company , i want to explore more of their products , but i 'll stick with bags or loose tea.to be honest , i 've yet to find a k-cup that delivers a good , brewed/steeped flavor .
= might be fine for some folks
< too sweet

> this is a well written story . the author has a very creative mind as well.however , this is not a romance novel . it is more of a coming of age . i wanted more ! more of wilson and blue ! yet , i realize that was not the point of this novel but , i still want it ! ! !
= well written
< a very good story ! ! !

> i love labels . love love labels . these are terrific , and totally re-stickable . they come in fun colors , and have never left any residue so far . crazy as it may sound , they make a perfect gift , buy these and give packs to all your friends , each one will find a use for them !
= a label-a-holic dream come true !
< love these labels !

> this book was such an epic read ! ! ! ! it was so depressing throughout the beginning of the book that i almost quit reading it , but boy am i glad i stuck it out because this is the absolute best book i have read in quite some time and i read four to five books a week .
= wow just ... ... ... .wow ! ! !
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i love jack . i love everything about this book . things never seem the way there are . i was all night reading this book . this is my second book by this author and have found a new favorite to add to my list
= oh jake
< jack is my favorite

> a great finish to a great story . i loved the characters and wanting to read it again and again . it kept you intrigued until the end and you are happy for the characters . loved it .
= complete me ( the stark trilogy )
< great story

> i loved ghost & macy 's story ! this story is hot and has some sexy scenes between ghost & macy . this story proves you should n't judge a book by its cover !
= fantastic read
< great story !

> ok , here 's the bottom line . these are a snack , loaded with sugar . they are not meant as a `` healthy snack '' and i am rating the product as such.the product is packaged as a six pack , each containing 1.06 ounces of the popcorn . one package is 130 calories , 25 of which are from fat . total fat content is 3 grams , 2.5 of which is saturated fat . the ingredient list is brown sugar , popcorn , sugar , corn syrup , palm and/or palm kernel oil , skim milk , cocoa , whey powder , salt , soybean oil , soy lecithin , and vanilla extract . essentially , lots and lots of sugar.ok , so its not a health snack . that said , on to the taste . i would not describe these as tasting too much like cracker jacks , but more like the drizzled popcorn you would find at dale and thomas popcorn . the popcorn is not as dense like you might expect from something like cracker jack 's heavier coating . the overall coating is somewhat lighter , with a decent drizzling of `` fudge '' coating.the snack is delicious and a one ounce bag goes quickly . the bags are small though , so price-wise , these are expensive compared to regular popcorn . they are n't any worse than buying any other `` gourmet popcorn '' though.now for those who are just looking to jazz up their popcorn when sitting down to watch a movie with the family , but want to save some money and/or control ingredients , another option is to pop some regular popcorn and then drizzle your own home-made syrup on it ... ..anything from bottled syrup to melted brown , maple syrup , honey , etc.all in all , this is a tasty treat !
= very delicious ! not at all nutritious !
< tasty , but not a health snack

> fourteen year old jacob barber stands accused of killing his nemesis , there is no real proof , no eyewitness just hearsay , a thumbprint and a headstrong assistant district attorney that is looking to make his bones in not only taking down this boy , but to also putting his father , andy barber a fellow assistant district attorney in his place . what turns into a battle between two grown men soon takes a family beyond its emotional bounds and introduces their community and the courtroom to the `` murder gene '' .near the very end , there is a very subtle change , but one that had me rereading a particular sentence . a sentence where an idolized wife was dismissed or demoted and i wondered if this was the intended purpose . where do a man 's loyalties belong ? where does blame and responsibility belong ? this book has stayed with me longer than i thought it would have , after the mid book ramblings with a particular character that i still do not feel added enough insight to have had so much devoted to her , i keep going back to the end of the story . to say that i did not see it coming would be an understatement . can i understand what happened ? yes , as much as i can understand the actions of others . yes , as much as i can explain two trains running straight at each other and no one seems to be able to stop it.william landay has included every part of a parent 's human nature in this book . how far would we go to protect our child ? our community ? what truths , but more importantly , what lies are we willing to live with just so we can close our eyes at night .
= how far would you go ?
< a very subtle change

> the harry potter series has rapidly become famous for being fun , engrossing , and still fairly easy to read . prisoner of azkaban is no exception to that at all.while trying to avoid spoiling the story for anyone , there are a few things i 'd like to mention . for one , i find this story a nice demonstration that harry potter is both starting to grow up and gain some independence ( in this book he actively escapes his hated relatives , rather than being rescued by an outside force ) and also still longing for a place in the world where he fits and is loved ( this is especially played out in the links this story draws back to harry 's parents ) .also , on the whole , the characters offered in this book are admirable examples . the new hero characters introduced turn out to be loving , loyal , and strong enough to survive even the worst circumstances.one of the messages in this particular volume that i found pleasing was that the easy way out is n't necessarily the way to go . that loyalty and love and a sense of what 's right are what you should hold on to , even though that may not make it quite so easy to live comfortably ( or even to survive ) .these books are truly gems for readers of any age . they should n't at all be dismissed by those at an adult reading level , as the stories are enchanting without being written at a level that will push your limits . yes , that makes them a poor choice for exercising those mental reading muscles , but it also makes them a good choice for a relaxing and enjoyable read .
= an excellent story
< a fun read

> in describing this book i 'm drawn to using words like cute , fast paced , and entertaining . for some reason characters with asperger 's are showing up in literature more frequently lately and the main character in `` the rosie project '' , don , suffers from it as well . one characteristic of this syndrome is that don does n't feel much empathy and is caught in his mind a lot . he 's far less emotional than the average person but he still has the same needs and desires such a wanting a life companion . to this end it seems logical to him to create a questionnaire for prospective brides . he includes questions about their alcohol consumption , their work , the relationship to food , their bmi etc in order to assess if they 're compatible with him . he puts the form up on the web and gets lots of replies but due to his precise needs none of the women measure up.then he 's thrown into contact with rosie a barmaid and all logic goes out the window . she 's obsessed with finding her birth father and don , as a geneticist , is perfect to help her with her quest . along the way they have fun ... and fights . sparks fly . too bad she 's flunked his questionnaire . `` rosie '' is essentially a quest book , finding a wife , with a little bit of middle life coming of maturity thrown in . do n't expect it to reflect accurately concerning aspergers but it sure is fun . it has a wonderful message concerning acceptance .
= left of normal
< cute , entertaining read

> many of the coast brand flashlights provide for multiple functions ( strobes , etc . ) -- this one is much more simple . you just click the button at the base and it shines brightly . there are two adjustments : the beam can be easily changed with a slight push of the flashlight head from flood to spot and , if you wish a walking light ( dimmer ) you can `` half-click '' the switch and there you have it.this would be a flashlight to keep in your car glovebox , toolbox , or some similar place . since it is so small , i keep mine in the kichen in a little cubbyhole where i can grab it in a hurry . i have other , more sophisticated flashlights but i find myself using this one more and more than the others , most of which are larger.if you have never owned one of these led flashlights then you are in for a terrific suprise . they will outshine regular flashlights 3 to 1. i have a professional quality 5-cell c-cell maglite that i used for law enforcement work and this little light outshines it , no contest . the batteries last for a long time in these led lights . the flashlight comes with a nice belt-type carrying sheath which is outstanding if you are camping , for which i would also recommend it.it may seem a bit pricey but , given its durability , as long as you do not lose it , this flashlight could be the last one you ever need to buy .
= simple to use and bright !
< simple and simple

> emily is hurting from the pain of losing her mother to breast cancer . she decides to move to nyc to be close to her boyfriend dillon & to live with her best friend olivia . dillon seems like the perfect doting boyfriend , paying for funeral expenses , paying for moving expenses to get emily to nyc . that must be the reason why emily is blind to his cheating & controlling nature . she even catches him in the act & let 's him lie about it . her girlfriends & her sister try to tell her what is really going on & give her good advice but emily really bugs me ! she feels like she owes dillon something . she meets dillon 's friend gavin & they immediately feel a connection . once dillon plays his games & pushes emily away , he unknowingly pushes her right into gavin 's arms . so many misunderstandings come into play to pull emily & gavin apart , which at the end bring dillon & emily back together . major cliffhanger at the end so we do n't know exactly what is going to happen . dillon seems to have control over her mind & emotions but we know he is a complete ass . gavin is true to her but she ca n't quite get over their misunderstandings . we are left wondering who she 'll choose , and i just want to slap emily silly because she is the only person to not see how obvious her choice should be - gavin !
= emily & gavin
< gavin & gavin

> animal farm was written by george orwell over the winter of 1943-44. it is a satirical fable that uses the story of animals rebelling on a farm to tell a version of the russian revolution and the rise of joseph stalin . most of the major characters are loosely based on real life people . major , the boar who dreams of a farm run by animals , is inspired by lenin . after his death , snowball ( based on trotsky ) and napoleon ( based on stalin ) take over command of the animals and lead a rebellion against the farmer . the animals are collectively in charge of the farm in a form of communism ( referred to as `` animalism '' ) . eventually napoleon plots to oust snowball , and then gradually erodes the rights of the animals to assume a position of dictatorship , paying only the merest of lip service to the origin tenets of the rebellion.this is a very short novel ( the version i read had fewer than 100 pages although this varies depending on the typeface ) , which takes only a couple of hours to read . it skips along in a highly readable fashion and is amusing in parts , but at the same time it 's also moving and thought provoking . if you are familiar with the basics of russian history you will probably enjoy it more , but this is by no means mandatory . it 's well worthwhile taking the time to read this deserved classic .
= some books are more equal than others
< a satirical fable

> normally i avoid books that are the same story as a previous book but told from a different pov . i 've always been disappointed by those books ( like the sequel to & # 34 ; beautiful disaster & # 34 ; ) because they fail to deliver the amount of emotion and intensity as the first book . i was hesitant to read & # 34 ; remy & # 34 ; because i loved & # 34 ; real & # 34 ; and i did n't think & # 34 ; remy & # 34 ; could be anywhere near as good but i was so wrong ! ! ! & # 34 ; remy & # 34 ; is told from remington 's pov instead of brooke 's and it was almost like reading a different story . his perspective was completely different and there was a lot in this book that was n't touched on in & # 34 ; real & # 34 ; since it was remy 's story . i loved him in & # 34 ; real & # 34 ; but he totally broke my heart in this book . there was so much more depth to his personality as well as so much pain i just wanted to pick him up and cuddle him . if you loved & # 34 ; real & # 34 ; you 'll definitely want to read & # 34 ; remy & # 34 ; ! ! !
= as good as `` real '' !
< another great book by remy ! ! !

> matt damon in his first & quot ; action hero & quot ; role is very good as the amnesiac jason bourne , who wakes up on a fishing ship not knowing anything about his past . as in all covert agent movies , bourne is being hunted by his superiors to eliminate him since he failed in his mission . damon has the right amount of boyish exuberance and masculine machismo to infuse life and credibility into his unbelievable predicament . franka potente is a good foil and companion for damon in her role as his reluctant sidekick ; her transformation from coquettish flirt to persistent helper is well done . clive owen in a small role as an assassin has a very good scene in which he extols the life of the undercover agent just before he bites the dust . academy award winner chris cooper joins such notables as al pacino ( recruit ) , james caan ( eraser ) as the superior who will go to any lengths to tidy up a mess . brian cox and julia stiles round out the cast , but their performances are merely acceptable and nothing other talented actors could n't have done..maybe even better.i did n't see the first version of this ( with richard chamberlain ) , so i ca n't compare ; i also have n't read mr. ludlum 's book..but this is a well done , well directed action movie , and i look forward to the sequel .
= bourne to run
< well done , well done

> 3.8 starsfarrell and beckinsale are both good here , and this new tr is very well made . it fairly gleams visually , and moves well with good stunts and effects ; overall it 's worth seeing , but then i love pk dick and think anything based on his ideas is worth considering.yet i always loved the cheese and humor of the ahnold recall , and this one plays it all too straight . hardly any laughs at all , which somehow defuses the tension instead of the opposite . but if you have n't seen the original i 'd say see this first and then watch the old one and see what you think.the blu-ray is a good transfer and there are some decent extras , and colin 's commitment to the role is pretty clearly highlighted . he 's the one who makes this work , when it does.it 's a nice slick sci-fi thriller , so if you like those you 'll like this , and it 's always fun to watch cranston as a bad guy in any case . i think this version of tr will age pretty well , mainly because farrell is such a likable lead in most everything he does . he gives it his all here , and it 's that and his chemistry with the ever-beguiling kate b that makes this a good recall.but what 's wrong with a few more laughs now and then ?
= well made but lacking the humor of the original
< a good sci-fi thriller

> for a description of the plot , etc. , read other reviews . just a quick mini review of this tim burton movie ... dark shadows ( 2012 ) is a movie version of the old tv series from the late '60s and early '70s . however , this movie is more of a blend of horror and camp , way more so than the tv series was . the things i liked about the movie were the dark atmospheres , the special effects ( though much of the time they looked so artificial ) , johnny depp 's acting , and the camp element . this is basically a lighthearted horror movie with some dark atmospheres . this movie does n't take itself too seriously , and you as the viewer should n't , either . if you keep this in mind while watching it , i think you 'll have a fun time.recommended .
= a mcdonald 's drive thru review ...
< a fun mini movie

> these scissors are very sharp and make nice clean cuts . they seem to be well-made and well-balanced . i 'm not crazy about the handles though . i have fairly small hands and they seem snug . the other thing is that they feel a little sticky which may actually be by design to help grip . lastly , there is a rather sharp ridge on the inside of the handles that might irritate if you use them for a long time at a stretch or for cutting heavy material.not bad , but i 've used better . would be good for the utility drawer as they say they cut many different materials . someone else may not have issues with the handles , but i do .
= clean cuts , nice weight
< very sharp

> this is an awesome movie if you grew up when transformers first became popular . i had all the toys growing up . i think anybody going into this movie expecting something serious or thought provoking , is going to come out disappointed . this is a fun , summer action movie . do n't think about all the silly names or storylines . just sit back and enjoy the eye candy.during one scene , two transformers are fighting on a freeway and a little boy in a car turns to his mom and says `` cool ! '' that about sums up this movie.i thought it was the best summer movie of the year .
= for the 20something males
< awesome movie

> this skillet kit delivers what most velveeta products do - a quick and easy meal ( if you do n't mind a ton of calories and fat ) . however , whereas i love the shells and cheese , i was n't crazy about the chicken and broccoli skillet variety . this skillet kit should really just be called `` cheese shells ... add chicken '' because the broccoli is non-existent . it 's sort of like dried up dust and i 'm not even sure how it can count for broccoli . so given the choice , just get the regular velveeta variety ... or just cook up some chicken with real broccoli .
= love regular velveeta , not these skillets ...
< a quick and easy meal

> this story is so precious ; i am feeling several emotions all at once : joy , sadness , hope , love , anticipation , longing , elation and peace all wrapped into one , making me feel so full at this moment , seconds after finishing this amazing read . colleen has a phenomenal gift , and i 'm so glad that i get to experience it with each stroke of her pen ( or more than likely each key ) ; either way , i feel blessed and honored to be the recipient of such a wonderful gift . thank you ! ! ! !
= wow , just wow ! my heart is so full right now !
< amazing ! ! !

> for me , this was my least favorite of the series . the book felt `` off '' from all the other books . the character traits were off , the voices were off . there was too much time spent on certain plot lines and not enough on others . the ending was a disappointment after the huge build up . i was just expecting much more.a disappointment , but at least `` i know '' what happened to the characters , i suppose *laugh* i dunno , just not what i was expecting , but worth a read for the fans : )
= not the best , but ... .
< not what i expected

> the product has a good fruit punch flavor . it is nice that you can regulate the strength of the flavor depending upon how much you squirt into your water . much larger than the similar mio product . with the larger size , however , could come lack of portabilty for some . i keep this at work and add shots to my water throughout the day . you do notice a slight energy burst , but nothing too significant . it is certainly nothing you are going to `` crash '' after drinking . overall , 4 stars .
= good flavor - convienant
< good flavor , but nothing too significant

> rechargeable batteries just keep getting better and better . rechargeable batteries are a staple around our house so i was pleased to receive this 4-pack via the vine program . i use aa ni-mh batteries for everything from powering computer accessories ( mice , etc . ) to camera flashes , remote controls for tvs and accessories , etc . so far these batteries seem fine . they are perfect for high-duty jobs like my camera flash and similar applications , but should work for most anything requiring aa batteries . rjb .
= these seem fine
< great for high-duty

> this product sounds so good , but i was very disappointed in the finished product . it definitely has a fake cheese taste that i can not stand . the tiny little packet of dehydrated broccoli is a joke , even after it is cooked it looks more like seasoning than a vegetable . this dish would be so easy to make from scratch with frozen chicken , instant rice , frozen or fresh broccoli and the cheeses of your choice , i ca n't imagine why anyone would buy this .
= where 's the broccoli ? ! ? !
< good , but not great

> good movies seem so few & far between anymore . so i am thrilled that & # 34 ; red & # 34 ; has delivered on so many levels : it 's a great action flickthe cast is perfectthe storyline is actually cohesiveit is absolutely hilariousand it has helen mirren in it - it 's perfect ! i 've nearly worn out my copy since it is now my go=to movie when there is n't anything good on tv . which means i 'm watching it most nights .
= frustrated retired spies makes for a helluva good time !
< great action movie

> yes they are moister than other chips ahoy , and yes they are darker brown . however they do not strike me as particularly `` gooey '' nor is there really any fudge taste , just a bland yet long-lingering generic sugar-and-chemicals taste . if you are somewhat indescriminate when it comes to fufilling your chocolate jones , go ahead and pick these up , you could do worse . but if you like your fudge to taste like fudge , keep looking .
= disappointing
< not bad , but not great

> overall , this small fruit drink has a nice flavor but it may be too sweet for some tastes . it is actually composed of four juices - apple , grape , acerola and cherry ) and it does n't really have a strong cherry flavor . it has a nice fizz . it is a refreshing drink and very similar to the izze products .
= very sweet , fizzy drink
< nice flavor but may be too sweet for some tastes

> i 'm a fan of regular appletinis so tried this mocktail mixture with a little vodka at a game party last weekend . passing the mixed drink around , everyone commented on how delicious it was and actually masked the taste of the vodka.all in all , crystal light has taken away a great deal of my guilt for enjoying a tasty cocktail : )
= delicious addition to the cocktail party
< delicious !

> tried it three different ways : black , just cream and cream & sugar . this was such a smooth flavor that i enjoyed drinking it all three ways , which has never happened before . i also love the pod design ; i used my regular coffee machine , so the pods make clean up quick & easy .
= amazing taste !
< smooth

> i loved this ! i loved reading more of bennett 's pov . this was a fun quick read and a nice little snippet into the stuff that was left out in beautiful bastard . i love they way it turns them on to fight the way they do . very fun read .
= bennett and chloe
< loved it !

> what a surprise ! ! this book kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time . right from the beginning i was hooked with the right amount of sex , love , and action ... amazing ! ! ! ! ca n't wait for the second one with blake .
= fighting for flight
< wow ! ! !

> wow i enjoyed reading this book . i 've been reading all the arrangement books . i would love for it to end and move on to the other ferro boys . these books are to short . i would love to know when tristans book is coming out .
= great book .
< loved it

> we use cloth diapers during the day and have been using this diaper at night . it lasts for 12 hours , we have had no issues with leakage and our baby seems comfortable . i plan to continue using this diaper and would recommend it to others .
= reliable overnight diaper
< works great

> i loved the second book as much as the first . i cheered for laurelyn and jack henry ! ! i loved their entire love story . this book is so worth the time reading ! i gave it a definite 5 star rating ! ! ! !
= awesome
< loved it ! ! !

> clint eastwood proves yet again that he is the best living director . i really enjoyed this movie . clint eastwood 's fans wo n't be disapointed ... neither will movie lovers . this is a home run .
= gran torino
< the best of the series

> i am so in love with this book ! it is awesome book to read . my emotions were up & down the whole time reading it . maya banks is an amazing author . : )
= this book is brilliant !
< awesome book !

> my dog willingly ate this when i first gave it to her . now , she turns her nose up at it . i wo n't be buying it .
= my dog wo n't eat this any more
< my dog likes it

> this is one of the best biopics that i have ever watched . this , like jamie fox 's portrayal of ray charles in 2004 's `` ray '' is an outstanding film . phoenix and witherspoon are brilliant and convincing in their roles as johnny cash , colorful folk writer and his wife , june carter cash.viewers are pulled in immediately . the first scene was of a 1968 performance at the infamous folsom prison , made even more so by johnny cash 's song of that title.the filmed story of cash 's life begins in the 1940s with young johnny cash and his brother , an aspiring `` preacher man . '' johnny demonstrates a flair for music at an early age and his brother a talent for quoting scripture . sadly , johnny 's brother dies in an accident and johnny copes by joining the army and writing folk songs.i loved the way the history of the songs was included , such as `` folsom prison . '' cash was married prior to marrying june carter cash . the first marriage ended after 3 daughters and different lifestyles.june carter cash , famous for telling her soulmate , `` i 'll meet you halfway '' came from a long line of folk singers and performers . her family rallied around johnny cash and helped him kick the dope habit . i just loved it when her dad chased a dealer off , sending the man scurrying away in his 1964 ford ranchero.the song selection is excellent and the cast did a stellar job of portraying cash & carter . all in all , a solid performance .
= meeting one another halfway
< the best of the `` ray ''

> this is an excellent solar battery charger for those situations where power is not readily available or inconvenient . it is well made and high quality . it is also the latest solar cell technology where it does not require clear sunlight but can charge even on cloudy days . it can also handle bright sunlight and hot summer days along with rain . it is weatherproof and rust resistant . overall one of the better solar battery chargers . there are some things to consider when using this solar battery charger . it only outputs 5 watts which is about 410ma or 1/2 amp dc and that is a on a sunny day . so do n't expect this solar charger to restore a run down or drained battery , it does not provide enough power . it will be good for those vehicles/boats/atvs that have on-board computers ( like engine computers ) or other electronics that draw a current from the battery even when shutoff . our boat draws about 50-100ma even when shutoff and if you do n't use it or charge it for a week or two then the battery will get low . this solar charger is a great way to handle that discharge and then you do n't have to worry about a leaving your boat/etc for a long period unattended . with small batteries ( like with atvs , motorcycles and similar ) you might have to worry about overcharging although not likely since this solar charger only works during the daytime . overall an excellent and quality solar battery charger that can be very useful .
= well made and inexpensive .
< excellent solar battery charger

> texas heat and a slew of shady characters ornament this movie . as main character moss runs into mess of human and canine bodies and finds $ 2mm drug money during his hunting trip , we get to see the determination of the former vietnam vet to turn the life of his family around once he has a full possesion of his money . as he tries to avoid drug dealers , former special operations soldiers and a serial killer he gets on to fight for his life as if he is back in the war fields . we track him pacing between us and mexican border , beaten , battered and wounded attempting with all his might to preserve the money he found in order to ensure a better life for himself and his wife . javier bardem plays a killer who kills indiscriminately everyone on his path . he needs no other reason to kill them but the fact that people see his face or loose the coin toss bet to dispose of them . he fights by the principals that are stronger money , power or any other values we are used to . he makes his own rules . ending is somewhat unexpected , but than again this is a coen brothers ' movie and they have their own way of presenting reality to their audience . i expected more from this movie . josh brolin shines in his role of a vietnam veteran and so does tommy lee jones in his role of the tired police sheriff .
= why one should not steal money from the bad guys
< the coen brothers

> elizabeth gilbert 's eat pray love is a lovely memoir -- the story of her travels in the wake of an emotionally devastating divorce and another emotionally draining romantic entanglement . gilbert does not dwell on those two relationships in this book , but rather focuses on her journey and why she took it . she was crushed , devastated , but decided ( with her publishers help ) to spend a year trying to find her way back to where she wanted to be . she spent some time in italy learning italian and eating well , followed by a stay at an ashram in india ( run by a guru she met through her post-marriage boyfriend ) and finally she stayed in indonesia learning from a local medicine man she had met several years earlier.gilbert 's writing is breezy and honest -- you feel as if you are sharing the secrets of your best friend from high school . her frank tone is disarming and engaging -- she 's not afraid to share her flaws and faults , foibles and mistakes . the book can ramble at times -- it lacks the cohesive narrative of a novel , but that is ultimately part of the book 's charm . gilbert 's quest for inner peace is a compelling philisophical journey , that never gets too heavy or dull . this is an inspiring , entertaining read . enjoy .
= lovely
< a lovely memoir

> i 'm not really sure when i would have a use for these . they are bright pink and green stickers , in a 2 x 3 rectagle shape ( basically ) .post-it decided to stack them all up on top of each other rather than spread them out like most labels . i find it a bit difficult to get them apart.if i try to pull one sticker off , instead i get about 8 of them . trying to put the stack back together is no easy trick . if the stack is n't put back together perfectly lined up , dust and other stuff collects on the exposed adhesive over time , making it less sticky , of course . you have to try and separate them by using the thin strip of `` perforated '' area on the sticker that has no adhesive . this strip is about 4th of an inch thick , which i find too small.the stickers are rather thick , so i always think i 'm getting more than one . this can be frustrating.if you need plain bright pink or green rectangular stickers , these are it.if you do n't have a lot of time to spend peeling apart stickers , then pass on these and get the plain white kind that come in a sheet . you can print any color or message you want on those .
= sticky-back tags
< not really sure

> i do n't have a cold right now but since i often take ginger and honey for a sore throat , i thought this might be a nice alternative.it might be , in a pinch.the ginger is strong . strong in a good way if you have a sore throat but you may not be that accustomed to it . when i make ginger tea i use perhaps 3-4 thin slices steeped in a cup of water for about 5-10 minutes with a tablespoon or two of honey.i used about cup hot water for a pouch instead of the cup . the ginger is nice and strong , lingering in the mouth and back of the throad.unfortunately it 's a bit sweeter than i would prefer ( even when brewed to the recommended level ) and there 's really no lemon taste- just an aroma.there 's also a somewhat bitter aftertaste that i 'm not so fond of . this taste is not chemical , more like an herbal bitter note . i 'm more of a coffee person so you tea drinkers out there might actually prefer it.i 'm having a hard time deciding between three stars and four . it 's good , not great . probably 3 for flavor ( it 's ok ) , four for convenience ( i like it )
= ginger good for sore throats ... not much in the way of lemon ...
< good , not great

> some people will extol this product , some will dislike it , while others will see some good and some bad points in it . the good are the healthy ingredients : the 5g fiber , 750mg omega 3 , and the five 100 % whole grains . nutritionists have said that if a product states that it is whole grain , it is not 100 % unless it explicitly says so . other people may dwell on what they consider bad points . the problem with 100 % whole grains is that many individuals find them tasting too grainy . this is the case here . it is one of the reasons why some manufacturers do not use 100 % whole grains . secondly , the clusters remain hard even after sitting in milk or soy for several minutes . this may be too hard for some consumers . thirdly , the cereal is filled with flax seeds , which is good , but they do not soften , and they get caught in some people 's teeth .
= the good and the bad
< good , but not great

> i did like this story , but found the whole setup to be quite confusing , or perhaps it 's me . but there seem to be two stories going on at the same time , when we realize one happened first , and one is happening as we read . however , in the end trough all the legal and psychobabble in the relationships and situation , i stillseem to be a bit dumbfounded with the ending . i do love legal , court type stories , and this one is quite detailed with it 's characters , etc. , and i like the psychology of the matter as well . landay did manage to keep me confused through most of the story though which is ok as well . i found it slow reading , and i did read it slowly and carefully because of the confusion in my mind . but quick readers will like it as well .
= this is my first landay , and it 's a slow confusing read .
< a bit too much to be a bit confusing

> this beautifully presented 50th anniversary edition of the lord of the rings is an essential addition to any tolkein aficionado 's library . i 've read the lotr books many times , my favorite being the two towers , and i can not give enough praise for tolkein 's magnificent work . enriched with a plethora of fascinating detail on the history of middle earth and the quest to destroy the one ring , this is the quintessential fantasy story collection , and a perennial favorite on booklover 's top 100 lists . never before has one man molded an entire world and filled it with such enthusiasm and excitement . great characters , well-plotted battles , genius storytelling and a satisfying finale with rotk , what more can i say except that this is the greatest story ever written and will always be .
= a must-have for tolkein aficionados
< the greatest story ever written

> the cover of this book and the title do not ... i repeat ... do not do this book justice . yeah it 's about a guy who is in a rock band but he is not dark and intimidating as the guy on the cover ... plus the title ... dumb for this book . i loved this story ... it was fun and entertaining . i loved the characters . it 's hot and sexy . after reading this book i 'm about to get divorced so i can fly to vegas and get blind ass drunk so hopefully i can wake up married to a hott sexy rock star .
= loved it ... cover and title are all wrong..
< i repeat the cover

> oddly enough , i 'm one of the few people i know who have had problems with dove body wash. other people talk about how gentle it is , but i tend to get rashes from it.but since this was the sensitive skin formula , i was anxious to give it a try.i 'm happy to report that i 've had no rashes and no ill effects at all - just smooth , soft skin . it smells good , is silky soft , and washes off well , leaving no residue . and cleaning the tub later was a breeze.i 'll definitely use this product again and again !
= soft skin
< great product !

> i waited for this book to come out . i was really caughted up in emma 's life which was tragic from the start . you were left on a cliffhanger on the first book to see if she lived or died . then in the second book you watch her just up and leave the love of her life beaten and hurt . now in this book you are confused by her actions and you just wanted answers . was i satisfied with the ending ? yes ... . was this book just as good or better than the first 2 books ? no ...
= 3rd book better than the 1st two ? ? ? ? ? no
< i was hooked ... .

> the deer off is relatively easy to use . i do wear gloves though because absorption of the chemicals is n't a good idea , and occasionally there is drippage in addition to just wind dispersal.i used this product on my front garden , and honestly the results were n't conclusive . some plants seemed to benefit . others did not.i will give it another season to see if i can narrow in on effectiveness . but i will note that while i saw bunny droppings in the yard , i have not seen them nibbling in the garden proper .
= maybe another season of use will determine effectiveness
< easy to use , but not conclusive to be working

> psycho is an over-rated film which has won critical acclaim because of its shower scene . that scene was particularly daring back in the 1960 's when the film was made . a nearly nude janet leigh was the reason ! interesting trivia is that this scene comprised over 100 different camera angles.like many of hitchcock 's films , psycho suffers from having a very 'dated ' feel about it . the characters seems stiff too . anthony perkins is creepy however , and his performance is worth seeing for the film alone .
= great , but dated
< psycho

> who allows and green lights this garbage ? i 'm with spike lee you ca n't no pasta western where slavery is the subject matter . i mean hollywood allows this garbage alll the time and why does tarantino get so much joy of having the `` n '' word used all through his movies ? tired of his al jolsen approach and ride toward black culture . i find tarantino 's work overrated , contrived , overblown and sets folks back a hundred years . this film is a bad joke .
= quentin tarantimo is on that modern day jim crow tip
< tarantino 's best

> i fed this to four dogs ( all mutts ) and they all loved it . i normally feed them science diet ( different varieties ) which i obtain from my veteranarian but they go after the chef michael 's with a lot more zeal.so my plan now is to give them the chef michael 's dog food about every fifth meal because my dogs are old and they need the various science diet foods for their specific problems . but the chef michael 's will give them a nice variety.highly recommended .
= make your dogs happy
< my dogs love it

> beautiful blue color , comfortable fit . while form fitting it feels loose . breathable fabric . very soft fabric . nice to know that it 's made with organic cotton . the length is good , shirt moves easily with me while i 'm active . it 's the perfect arm length and length in general . very pleased with this -- wish i had one in every color ! ( men 's small )
= love this shirt
< beautiful

> i drink a lot of energy drinks . this was my first time trying no fear . the taste is fruity and quite pleasant ! i was lagging at work , drank this drink in 30 min and felt energized through out the rest of my shift . the only downfall is the calorie count , i prefer sugar free but if looking for a nice sugar/energy boost this will do the trick !
= nice tasting and boost of energy
< good taste , good taste

> i ca n't say much that the other reviewers have n't already said . this is a classic movie with aliens who want to take over the world , and the humans have to come up with something to stop them . the computer special effects for this movie are rather impressive , with a solid storyline and acting .
= classic
< aliens

> i do n't know if this hair oil really nourished my scalp , but it did get rid of some itchiness which i 'd been experiencing , although i do not have dandruff . a plus for the product is that it certainly smelled nice . would probably purchase again .
= eliminated the itch !
< works well

> this almost felt like fifty shades of grey but the characters in this book have more depth and story behind them . all in all i look forward to the rest of the series to find out the truth . this book is sexy , suspenseful , and dark
= intrigued
< sexy , suspenseful , and dark

> well i loved beautiful disaster so reading travis ' pov was icing on the cake . i enjoyed reading how travis felt during pivotal parts of the story . it made such a difference in understanding . ca n't wait for books on the other maddox brothers .
= loved it !
< travis ' pov

> i 've read all the books in the series , and this one was just as amazing ! ! the storyline was awesome and i found myself tearing up at some spots throughout the story . i fell in love with preston and amanda together .
= love them all
< loved it ! !

> i 'm all for trying new things but this was not a good cereal . it becomes very soggy in milk very quickly so unless you are going to eat this at top speed this might not be the one for you .
= not good
< not bad

> this is a wonderful book ! the story is very disturbing about a women who had cancer and they took her cells to study without her permission . it is a story that will really disturb you and make you think .
= wonderful book ! !
< wonderful

> i chose this rating because of the emotional turmoil in this book . it as almost a little too much . by i still is a very romantic novel.l loved it even though i had to stop and cry occasionally .
= keller family series
< a little too much

> i have not laughed so much in a long time ... .this book had me laughing out loud as people looked at me like i lost my mind.super get away from reality for awhile and just enjoy !
= you will laugh til you cry ! !
< hilarious

> the battles are epic , and frodo is exhausted . but how can you watch the first two without watching the finale ? do n't lower your expectations , and stay until the very end .
= how can you watch the first two without watching the finale ?
< the battles are epic

> i really enjoyed connected . i ca n't wait for the next book to be released . i love the story and the characters ! ! !
= awesome
< great book

> lots of special eefect , women in sexy outfits and arnolds dumb one-liners . i actually slow in some parts . no fun at all .
= same old stuff
< dumb

> this is a really sweet , creative and unexpected story of love and survival . a quick , but memorable read .
= love in the menagerie
< sweet

> i really loved this story and the author did a great job with the characters and what they go through .
= great story
< great story

> i decided to try the wild blueberry pure organic raw fruit & nut bar after trying the cherry cashew version and liking it but finding the `` cherry '' flavor to be very subtle . in addition to being certified organic , this bar is gluten-free and vegan . furthermore , the wild blueberry flavor contains a full serving of fruit , is a good source of fiber ( 3 grams ) , and provides omega-3s as well . there is also a decent amount of protein ( 6 grams , slightly less than the cherry cashew bar ) , and although the amount of sugar is higher than i would 've liked ( 19 grams , or almost 4 teaspoons ) , the bar is naturally sweetened using agave nectar only , with no other added sugars added.the bar was thick and dense in appearance , with an almost slightly sticky feel . the taste definitely tastes fruity , but i could not detect a blueberry flavor at all . rather , as other reviewers have suggested , the taste is more reminiscent of fig newtons , most likely because the first ingredient is actually dates ( blueberries were significantly further down the list ) . the bar also did have a nutty flavor , and in fact it contains cashews , walnuts , and almonds . overall , i liked the taste ( i like dates ! ) , but i thought the `` wild blueberry '' label was deceiving , and i definitely have had other bars that i prefer.in the end , i liked the cherry cashew pure bar a bit more than this one , and i would rate the nutritional profile of that flavor as slightly better as well . although these bars are not perfect , i would definitely recommend them to someone with specific dietary needs , such as vegan or gluten-free .
= all-naturall bar with no artificial ingredients and decent taste
< a good flavor , but not perfect

> halle is an & # 34 ; auto buy author & # 34 ; for me . i always know i 'm going to get something unique when i read one of her books . and love , in english was no different.vera is spending a month in spain . she took a four week position teaching conversational english to spaniards needing to brush up for their respective businesses . the program has a summer camp feel to it where lifelong friendships are made , there is plenty of alcohol and hookups , and some fall in love.here she meets matteo , a former footballer turned restaurateur , there to improve his english , especially his phone skills , because he 's thinking of opening in the u.s. market . they have instant chemistry . there 's only one problem . matteo is married.but if you 're not a fan of cheating do n't let this deter you . you ca n't help who you fall in love with and halle handles it beautifully.all i can say is matteo is a man and he dealt with it like a man in his situation should . that 's not to say he did n't make some mistakes , oh boy did he ever . but , if anything , i thought vera felt too guilty and she should have trusted matteo more , that he knew what he was doing . she should have trusted her friends and brother , too.i really enjoyed this book . there were a couple of moments where i shed a few tears . i would have liked a little more from the epilogue but overall i thought halle did a wonderful job with her first book that did n't have con artists out for vengeance or that scared the s*** out of me .
= halle sure knows how to write a hawt man !
< halle is a man

> on the face of it , the premise for this film should n't make a great film . summarize this as the runner-up for the king of england ( prince george ) has an impossible stutter and his wife ( princess elizabeth ) encourages the reluctant prince to seek help from a failed actor/self-identified speech therapist named lionel logue . however , when you put this story within the context of a couple larger occurences of monumental importance this film comes together.in the background is the soon-to-be crowned king ( edward viii ) who gives up his kingdom 'for the woman i love ' and the emerging threat of adolph hitler and the nazi party . suddenly the need for a leader who can inspire the confidence of his countrymen becomes important.this film works slowly in setting its groundwork with brilliant performances by colin firth , geoffrey rush , and helena bonham-carter and a sharp script that progresses the plot as it involves the viewer in the personal story as well as the bigger story . the dynamic between the prince ( firth ) and logue ( rush ) as their characters ' relationship develops makes this match almost as interesting as the one forged between helen keller and annie sullivan . i appreciated the strong sense of the historic dynamic being blended with the simple story of a stutterer . while the duke of windsor has always been a figure of much speculation , this puts a face on the 'default ' king and possibly explains why even today the english puts so much stock in having a figurehead royal family.overall , this is a great movie which has a strong script , great performances , beautiful photography , and an overall vintage feel to it that puts it into historic perspective .
= an improbable premise for a monumental movie
< a great film

> i always seem to lose scissors to my husband that sneaks them out to the man-cave ( aka : the garage ) . i have been happy though to let him steal the old scissors i had out since these will be my personal pair to be kept in the den , where they are less readily available . why hide this particular pair ? these , upon trying them out on fabric , paper and photo paper seem to have the nicest edge , are sharp and feel great in my hand . besides that i think they look cool too with the lime green and white handles . this will be the pair that i will use for trimming up my pictures for my scrapbooking , doing paper crafts and when i need to just cut a package open . the only thing that i saw these are not really cut out for ( no pun intended ) is cutting through glue/tapes . that 's ok , i did n't plan to use them for that . these have titanium blades that are supposed to last longer.for a good all around pair of scissors to keep in your craftroom , den , etc i would highly recommend . for this value , buy one and hide the other pair for when someone steals your favorite !
= good pair of all-around scissors ... .
< great for the favorite

> this spring i had to replace my tv and i got a 60* sony , that has 3d capability , which i had not planned on getting the 3d but the cost was good so i bought it . then i had to buy a blu-ray , so i bought the sony disc player that also plays 3d , why not ? reading all the instructions they stressed the need for the high-speed hdmi cable , so i bit the bullet and coughed up a pretty amount for a 3 ft hdmi cable , that thing costs a lot more than the amazonbasics that i just picked up , but the amazonbasics is 25 ft and costs half as much , and here 's the important part , it works perfectly on my sony 3d set up.i 've bought the amazonbasics cords before for my computers and my home theatre system and they were all great but i thought i would need a fancy high-speed cable to use for my 3d stuff ... .wrong ! the amazonbasics cable does the job at a much better price , learn from my original error and save mucho bucks , these amazonbasics are outstanding cables that do the job and save you $ $ $
= great cable at a fraction of the cost big brand cable
< great 3d cable

> the sauce is green , and that 's about as `` jalepeno '' as it gets . i did n't detect even a hint of jalapeno flavor , and as for heat , it 's like looking for it in the heart of the antarctic . it just is n't there.that does n't mean it 's a total loss though -- it 's a great sauce for burgers , dip for chicken nuggets , etc . when you want something different . the flavor is hard to describe , somewhat creamy , somewhat tangy , but mostly vague and innocuous . i was n't thrilled , neither was my husband . we would n't buy this flavor again , as it was a disappointing jalapeno illusion.it 's best success for us was on a turkey burger with avocado , tomato , lettuce and onion . no heat , but it really does remind me more of some kind of `` dressing '' than it does anything i 'd call a `` sauce '' . even so , if i had to choose between ranch and this for the turkey burger -- the ranch dressing wins .
= jalapeno illusion
< green , but not a hint of jalapeno flavor

> i use tide products detergent exclusively . i have used many laundry detergents over the years and have found tide to be consistently the best performing . i have two boys that get ridiculously dirty from school , sports , camps , eating , whatever . i have been using tide cold water and tide sport for little more than a month . i have used it with both cold and warm water . washed lights , darks , gentle , towels , etc . two boys that play every sport and two adults that exercise almost daily creates a ton of laundry.in the the end i have found tide cold water to be just as good as regular tide detergent . i do n't feel like it works any better or worse with any of the loads including cold water loads . i like it but , would not pay more for it over regular tide . the same goes for the tide sport . however , i do like the smell of the fabreeze but it can be a bit on the strong side .
= works great , just like regular tide ...
< tide sport detergent

> i have read a lot of books - a lot and i can honestly say that author alessandra torre really keeps me on my toes and her storys never turn out how i think they should . i love and hate the story line - i hate that the female does n't run for the hills but love how things turn out . i really thought julia was going to break under brad 's dominating ways but she really surprised me . brad 's view on sex , love & relationships is not what any woman wants to believe but have more substance than anyone would care to believe . lots and lots of hot steamy panty wetting scenes.fabulous ending . there 's more to come with a novella that is meant to compliment `` blindfolded innocence '' called `` the diary of brad de luca '' available now . `` masked innocence '' is due out feb 25th , 2014 then `` end of innocence '' march 2014 . * you can read this book and be ok with the ending - no cliffhanger !
= will keep you on your toes ! !
< another great book from brad de luca

> these golden honey oat graham crackers are certainly good for you . i have n't looked at another box of regular graham crackers but i 'm sure that these are a better alternative to them . the serving size is 8 cracker and total intake of calories from those 8 are 110 calories . that 's not bad at all when you consider a lot of snacks ( even ones that claim to be low calorie or good for you ) are smaller and pack as many or more calories than that.the one thing that disappointed me was the taste . it has a taste of a graham cracker but i do n't think that it tastes as good as other , more fattening , graham crackers out there . it reminded me kind of a dry flavor and not as palatable . so these are a good diet snack but i do n't know if i could eat them more then every once in awhile .
= good for you but ...
< good for you

> i picked some of this up at a drug store with a good coupon and it works very well for me . it is n't as good smelling as other kinds of secret though . i agree with the other reviewer that it is n't a very feminine scent . it keeps me very dry , even after being in the pool . when i wear it , i do n't even have to put any on the next day , so it seems like it would be good for teens that might be new to wearing deodorant that occasionally 'forget ' too . it does n't get residue on your clothes either . i am usually one to use a clear gel so i was afraid that might happen , but it was n't an issue for me . i 'm going to keep some around for days we go to the pool or beach .
= works very well for me
< works well

> i love samantha young 's books . my favorite being on dublin street , of course , but this was more of an angsty drama rather than a sexy/steamy love story . i liked how it would go back and forth from the past when they were in high school to the present , now in college studying abroad . clever how ms. young kinda had you routing for the side character lowe while being torn to root for the first love jake ( for me , merely because sexy lowe had a lip ring that he loved drawing attention to and i am sucker for lip rings : p ) charley has a bad ass/sarcastic personality and the dialogue between jake and she was fun to read with their matching wit . 4.5 stars just because i could have used some more steam ! ! ! ! : )
= heavy on angst , light on love
< 4.5 stars

> amazon reviews , the editorials , sometimes amaze me ; what person is going to have a `` gag reflex '' after seeing animated rats ? this is an artfully done film , created in the disney-esque tradition of making animals so lovable and anthropomorphic.the basic premise of the rat who had culinary ambitions is the leaping off point for many laughs and a great joy ride.the dvd is well done , except that the extras that relate to the film somehow do not.the one extra you will laughing lots at is `` lifted '' , this is a very good addition , and well worth the words of an extra.the material stated as extra which more closely relates to the film isessentially a waste of time , and not worth a look out , certainly not entertaining like the feature and the extra lifted .
= delightful and plain fun
< the editorials of the rat

> this was a good read , liked the characters . there were a few things that did n't sit very well with me . cage was portrayed very different in axel , at least to me and in this book , he was a little jerk , understandable but my idea of him was very different from what i saw in his story . the love story felt a little weird . i really hated mandy ... . the book had more gramattical errors that i can handle , i overlook them most of the time because the ones i see do n't take the essence of the book but on this one it bothered me . i think i 'll keep reading this series because i want to see what happens with the other guys ... .
= good series
< good read

> i went from being in lust , to in love , to wanting to throw the kindle thru the wall ... this book was an amazing story of not only love but also about family . i loved amanda and cedric even though i was so pissed at cederic i honestly did n't know if i wanted the story to work out for him in the end . if i were amanda i would have had an extremely hard time dealing with that type of betrayal ... i do n't know if i could get past it . i understood and yet felt like i was going to vomit when the truth came out . this book by far exceeded my expectations and i 'm so glad i purchased it .
= aww ` ed ... truly an amazing story .
< amazing story

> once again , the two of us were divided when it came to this product . i thought it tasted awful ... it was overly sweet yet still dull , the puffed up product felt like styrofoam ... in fact , it mostly tasted like sweetened styrofoam . on the other hand , spouse liked the crunch and felt it was a satisfying level of sweet but does n't like the soy . now , speaking of soy , i could n't find out if this was organic and since something like 80 % of soy is gmo , i would not be inclined to purchase this product for my household despite the fact that it is also kosher .
= divided response
< not bad , but not great

> these little o 's have a light texture and a delicate crunch . they are not overly sweet . the do get soggy in milk after a bit so eat fast ! 1.5g fat , 3g sugar , 4 grams of fiber and 12g of protein 120 calories in the single serving bag . all good so far , until i poured that bag into a bowl and realize its barely half of the amount i 'd normally consider a serving . oh well , even if i eat two bags , it 's still better in every category than the granola in my cupboard .
= tasty
< light texture , not too sweet

> i was only given one bar to review , so i do n't know how much of a difference there is from one bar to the next , but i did not taste the blueberries . to me , it tasted like a cross between a fruit cake and bran cereal ... do n't get me wrong , it did n't taste bad , but i will stick withpowerbar fruit smoothiesfor now.if you are not a fan of powerbars though , this might be the protein snack you are looking for ; i was impressed with the ingredients , regardless of the taste .
= could n't taste blueberry
< not bad , but not great

> they all seem mighty sensitive about these hd-dvd discs.why do n't they stay in the blu-ray section ? all this anti-hd talk makes them seem mighty nervous about their beta/apple machines . i wonder why the extras are so much better on the hd 300 discs instead of the blu-ray ones . the hd/blu battle is far from over but from reading these people here , it 's nice to see what the pre-teens are backing blu-ray ... 10/08/08 update- ok hd-dvd lost the battle with blu-ray , whatever ...
= all these blew-ray people !
< they blu-ray

> the serving size was one cracker `` sandwich '' ! ! these are about twice as big as the small ones that come six to a pack that have been around for decades ( i remember them fondly as a kid ) . and they are 3 times as bad for you ! the nutritional information is the same , but each serving is only one cracker ! not at all worth the fat ...
= they could do better
< not bad !

> this is not an intuitive product , and i 'm a little computer illeterate so it took me a while to get it working . nonetheless , once i did i do like it . it does work with mac and time machine . do yourself a favor , read what you can about it online before you try to install and get it working , you 'll be glad you did .
= once i got it working i like it
< works with mac and time machine .

> i love a good romance with some steamy sex and this one delivers on both . you get the glimpses of previous characters that make it feel all connected . i absolutely love the writing style of this series . bad ass , romantic , rocker , alpha males ( swooning for leo and his stars ) probably need a smart mouthed , stubborn woman to keep them on their toes .
= leo ... lickable , kissable , lovable !
< love this series

> good film for those with patience , twists and turns and then a curveball , the movie is never lacking in suspense . bale is not one of my favorite actors ( except dark knight ) but i liked the movie , hugh jackman , bowie , michael caine , i just do n't like nolan 's style .
= the prestige
< good film

> i heard this stank . having finally watched it , i 'd say it 's even worse than most critics agreed back when it was released . it 's more like a lame comedy than a fantasy film . see it , only if you are a hard-core fan of these comic books brought to life films .
= flab-tastic
< not bad

> love the story of drew and fable . i love how everything works out and there is a hea and justice is served for all . i was glad to see additional characters and would not surprise me to see colin and jen 's story in the future .
= fable ... a girl to remember , drew ... a boy to not forget
< great story

> i bought several of these cables . they appear to be very well made , and they do the job for my apple tv and late-model blue ray player . i see no reason to pay for more expensive cables of this type . recommended . rjb .
= high quality , low price !
< great product

> i loved this book . it showed the true meaning of do n't judge a book by its cover . it had love , adventure , heartache , and happiness . it kept me from putting it down .
= poughkeepsie
< loved it

> i can handle some ginger , i 'm fine with some teas but this combination was a bit much for me . i personally did n't like the overpowering ginger taste . that is my only real gripe .
= i like some ginger , but this was a bit much
< not bad

> these tampons are very easy to slide in and protect my panties from stains . they are comfortable and really easy to wear . i was glad to try and them will consider them in the future .
= appreciate the ease of the applicator
< great product

> i enjoyed this book , but it is very predictable and the attachment between the couple tends to develop too fast and too soon . the characters in the series might be too similar in personality .
= good read
< predictable

> very enjoyable . i love it.fun to play and easy to win . i would play more games by mobilityware . the fact that it is free helps too .
= fun
< cute

> amazing conclusion . a little too short would have wanted a little longer story in regards to the whole ferro family . but definitely liked the ending .
= damaged
< amazing

> i loved the book and the cutest romance . i would read more , so heart warming ... just perfect . it 's a must read
= absolutely the cutest book
< loved it

> i 'm probably setting myself up for condemnation from most that have viewed this film , but i just do n't think it 's that good . sure , the animation is breathtaking , the voice talent is unsurpassed , the characters are quite engaging , and the movie 's length is & quot ; family friendly & quot ; .however , as appealing as it is , it lacks the witty humor that one has come to expect from disney/pixar collaborations . other than & quot ; the look & quot ; , it does n't seem as if this film came from the same studio that produced & quot ; toy story & quot ; or & quot ; a bug 's life & quot ; .even the aussie locale was better handled better in & quot ; the rescuers down under & quot ; .i actually found & quot ; lilo & amp ; stitch & quot ; to be a bit more & quot ; literate & quot ; , and i did n't really like that one.perhaps , the folk can get with the writer of the infinitely superior & quot ; the emperor 's new groove & quot ; and get it together for the certainly-to-come & quot ; nemo 2 & quot ; .my verdict on & quot ; finding nemo & quot ; : 3.5 stars , rounded off to 4 !
= entertaining but not a classic !
< the emperor 's new groove & quot ;

> i loved this movie ! i 'd never seen it in the movies , and when my wife bought it for me for a christmas present , i was n't sure how i 'd like it . it is a wonderful and charming movie . what 's amazing with the pixar animation is how great it uses its characters as if they were really human . i even found myself thinking it was a real cast ! just the way they used billy crystal 's mike & quot ; eye & quot ; is amazing ! with so little to work with , they captured the many moods of this delightful little rogue . goodman was terrific as sully ; mary gibbs is so much fun as the little girl , boo , whose many moods are presented in such childlike wonder , you ca n't help but shed a few tears at the end . also effective are james coburn as the nasty spidereman boss ; the inimitable steve buscemi was devilishly evil as randall ; i do n't know who voiced roz , but she was great . the movie has so much going for it : clever scripting ; generous doses of satire ; and a song that deserved its oscar.this is one fine family film and i highly recommend it !
= monstrously delightful
< a great and charming movie !

> washington irving laid the foundation for this story . burton built on that - a wonderful structure , but not what irving had in mind . fine.depp , of course , is wonderful as an overly straight-laced crane . he 's a hard-core realist , in a truly unreal situation . ricci does an outstanding job , too . the real star , though is tim burton 's visual sense . just about every scene is at least tinged with his macabre sensibility , most especially the & quot ; fifth victim. & quot ; burton truly outdid himself with the bizarre array of instruments given to crane for his scientific investigations.i know this is just entertainment , but at least one anachronism stood out . window glass at the end of the 18th century was still a hand-made product , with ripples and pontil marks . here , though , just about every window was glazed with flat & quot ; float glass. & quot ; i ca n't get too worked up over that , though.the story is well paced , with a web of interlocking tensions between the main characters . the visuals create a rich , spooky ambience . this movie is easy to enjoy and well worth the time spent .
= a decidedly different hollow
< a wonderful story

> what a great book . olivia 's been dating her boyfriend for around six years who continually cheats on her . yet again , he stands her up for dinner so she calls and hears his latest shank in the background . finally having had enough , she breaks it off.olivia 's dad owns a gym where she frequently works out . when she notices the new guy the following day , she ca n't stop staring , and can hardly breath . he 's hot , muscled , tattooed and she 's feel something she 's never felt before . when their lock eyes , she ca n't look away . seth is a mma fighter and preparing for his next fight . this story is told from olivia 's pov but you can tell the feelings are mutual.there 's sexual tension and when olivia and seth seem to keep running into each other , they have a hard time fighting their attraction . i wo n't give away what happens , but you will absolutely love seth ! he 's really a sweet guy , and you 'll be drawn in instantly.loved this book and hope that we will get more .
= wow ! absolutely loved seth ! ! !
< loved it !

> i watched this with my wife and grandson and we all liked it . my wife was the biggest fan which is amazing as she did not like the original lord of the rings movies . i liked the characters and the special effects were amazing . the dragon smaug was simply astounding.my only dislike was that the movie ended with a chopped off scene and we all looked at each other and wondered why such a poor ending . it is obviously a hook to the next film to make more money . the movie is also 161 minutes long and it looks like the editor did not know what to chop out of the film to make it shorter . there is a lot of action and some of the scenes are funny and others are violent . i still enjoyed the film as it was entertaining.i rated the film as a 5 star item as i believe it is a dvd that you will want to own if you are a fan of the lord of the rings series .
= a lot of action , adventure and violence with great special effect !
< a great film

> barb : i was first introduced to a mojito about 12 years ago . it was delicious ! have n't had one since , probably because they seem to be so labor-intensive to make , with all that muddling of the mint leaves , etc . so , i was curious about the mojito drink offered by crystal light mocktail line from kraft foods . the pitcher of mojito drink that i whipped up was interesting , though it seemed a little on the weak side . it was a strange green color , but there was a nice lime and minty flavor , kind of reminiscent of the one i had so long ago ! but the one big downfall for me was that pesky aftertaste of aspartame ! unfortunately , i have to watch my calorie/sugar intake now , so i 'll be trying to get my tastebuds to accept that terrible aftertaste . unless kraft foods co. is willing to change the formula to use one of the other accepted sweeteners on the market ... hint , hint .
= mojito maybe
< delicious !

> a beautiful movie following the same template in `` dances with wolves '' . certainly it is a bit unbelievable since one winter would not be sufficient for serious wounds of the hero to heal and for him to learn the life time practices of the warrior class , let alone become one of the best of them . but since when does realism enter into this art form ? there is a nice touch in the love triangle between our hero and the wife of his fallen enemy -- and that enemy who `` haunts '' him -- but that he comes to honor . what an interesting feature that adds marvelously to this template . what is the moral narrative of this story ? industry bad , nature good ? those who follow ancient practices good , modern science bad ? but modern weapons win and the honor of fighting is lost.this is a beautiful movie and provokes thinking .
= dances with wolves but further `` east ''
< a beautiful movie

> i am a tea lover ! when i look for a good tea , something that smells good and entices you while brewing and something that tastes rich and yummy.this tea surely did that ! i usually just get loose tea but bags are fine too . i love getting exotic teas so this was right up my alley . i brewed a bag first thing in the morning with a nice scone and it was so amazing . i could n't believe it ! i read some of the other reviews and i am going to try it at night too . indonesian cardamom is in the ginger family , and there are a lot of benefits to drinking these types of teas ! i am anxious to try some others now ! i hope you enjoy a cuppa in the morning and/or evening ! i will !
= lovely in the morning !
< i am a tea lover !

> i was a little skeptical at the `` all natural '' energy drink claim but the ingredient list seems to bear that claim out : apple juice and lemon juice , water , apple puree , natural flavor , caffeine , steviaso then i figured it probably would n't give much energy . but it definitely gives a caffeinated boost like any other energy drink . it 's also only 8.4 fluid ounces ( less than most other drinks ) . the apple flavor is a little strong ( but it is called `` crisp apple '' ) . other than that this is a great drink . 90 calories , great flavor , and a nice boost of energy . no vitamin-y after taste like most energy drinks leave after drinking them .
= tastes better than most energy drinks and gives an energy boost
< great flavor , good energy drink

> russell crowe does a superb job of portraying british naval hero `` lucky '' jack aubrey as he pursues a bigger and better-prepared french ship off the coast of brazil in the early 1800 's . he is an inspiring leader , who keeps his eye on his objective while encouraging and mentoring his crew . paul bettony gives a very good performance as the ship 's doctor who gives his friend aubrey his honest opinion about his decisions as the ship 's commander . the dr. is fascinated by the unknown creatures he sees on the galapagos islands and is very disappointed when his specimen-collecting expedition is interrupted by the reappearance of the french ship . this is a beautifully filmed movie with lots of action and good performances by the actors .
= well-done historical movie
< russell crowe is a great movie

> what happened to sherlock holmes , dr. watson and professor moriarty ? they are nowhere to be found in `` a game of shadows '' - a bad sequel to the 2009 original . instead of a holmes adventure , the producers made a james bond retread set in the victorian era . the film is a painful shambles : two hours of action-movie clich & eacute ; s and cheap laughs minus the suspense , mystery and inventiveness of its predecessor . only the chemistry between robert downey jr. and jude law survives intact - undercut by a fraudulently misguided script and guy ritchie 's helter-skelter direction . the character names should have been changed to prevent sir arthur conan doyle from spinning in his grave .
= a fraudulent sequel
< a bad sequel to the 2009

> i think that sean ferro just might be the most intense bookboyfriend out there . i like his craziness but my heart breaks for the idiot when i can see him and avery get their happy ever after in my mind . avery is truly growing up and her changes are exciting to see . i know you 'll agree , so check it out . i am so impatient for the next book already and this just came up yesterday . uuugh ! i love h.m.ward and this installment is just as exciting as the 7 before . if you are not a fan of installment series then please do n't buy it and then hate on the author for the length . cheers !
= oh sean ferro ! you make me crazy ! ! !
< sean ferro is the best !

> werther 's original caramel chocolate is an experience for the senses . opening the bag you will smell the delicious scent of caramel and see the shiny thin gold foil wrapping each one , making them almost look like oval coins . they have the caramel taste that werther 's is known for with a rich soft chocolate . the chocolate is n't buttery and tastes scrumptious . the chocolate melts slowly on your tongue and is a great mix of chocolate and caramel tastes . each candy looks like a swirl and that is exactly what they taste like - a balance between the two tastes . i normally prefer dark chocolate but i have to say that these candies are delicious .
= perfect for chocolate lovers
< delicious !

> i was kept captive reading this book , i could not put is down . katy evans , i am now hooked on anything you write . brooke and remy are intense , sexy as hell , magnets to each others pain , protective and possessive of each other and oh , so real . this is a book to read , what these 2 characters feel for each other and how the author lays it out on the pages is amazing . i will take remy in his blue and black , because brooke accepts him and knows what to do for him . his exercise regiment as a underground fighter is intense and so are the bedroom exercises . aha .
= intensely real ! awesome book ... ..
< wow !

> i chuckled through this whole book . everything that happened to drew was brought on by himself . this is his story of how he turned to the dark side . it was well written and moved at a good pace . i was drawn in from the first paragraph . i loved the characters . `` the bitch '' was one of my faves . i loved the curse jar too . kate was a strong female character with some vulnerability . she sure had drew by the you know what . there is lots of male posturing and strong women with lots of hilarious situations . i had a blast reading this one .
= a joyride from beginning to end
< a great read

> okay , let 's all be honest . this looks like the best film trilogy ever made , and it sounds like the best film trilogy ever made , well , it must be ! even the star wars original trilogy ( which is classic ) has the sad connection with episodes 1 and 2. indiana jones has episode 2 , which took that trilogy out of the running , and the jurassic park movies ... i need not say more . the lotr trilogy is peter jackson 's masterpiece and we thank you , mr. jackson , for these treasures !
= walks like a duck , talks like a duck ...
< the best film ever made !

> the pure organic raw fruit and nut bar is a healthy alternative for snacking and provides 6g of protein and 3g of fiber . the ingredients include organic dates , almonds , cashews , walnuts , and blueberries . the flavor is quite intense and surprising . they are very sweet but contain no refined sugars . this is also a gluten-free product . my first impression after biting into you reminded me of a fig newton . it has the same type consistency and flavor . i found the fruit flavor more notable than the nuts . nice product !
= healthy , flavorful snack bar
< healthy and healthy

> i ordered these treats along with the regular chicken jerky treats which made both of my dogs sick with diarrhea after one treat each . i explained in the review of those treats that within days of my dogs getting sick from the regular jerky treats , i saw a story on the national news of the fda warning people of china made dog jerky treats . due to the other treats by the same company making my pets sick , i will not be giving my pets any of these treats .
= scared to try these .
< my dogs sick with the other treats

> i foster for local dog rescues so my pack is a little larger than the average home . some of the dogs are picky eaters so i struggle to find a dog food that will please them all . sadly chef michaels was not one that will make them all happy . about 75 % of my dogs ate the food just fine but some of them wanted nothing to do with it . i guess it just depends on whether your dog will love it or not .
= it was ok
< my dog likes it

> i am a big lover of jamba juice products and looked forward to this can of two of my favorite flavors . it seems to lose a lot from the freshly made drink from the jamba juice shop . the biggest drawback is that it is carbonated which really detracts from the flavor and makes the ingredients taste less than fresh . probably if they eliminated the carbonation it would be a lot better . hopefully , the next product i try will be better .
= would have been better without the fizz !
< not bad , but not great

> i am always a bit hesitant to give my dog new treats - as many are filled with fattening and bad ingredients . these appear to be all natural , with the following ingredients : organic barleyorganic lamborganic carrotsorganic applesorganic palm oilorganic molassesthey are large treats with a nice consistency , and my dog loves them , so it is a win / win : healthy treats she loves .
= passed the yellow lab test
< my dog loves them

> these little balls of dried diced apple are crunchy ( unlike many dried apple snacks ) and have just the perfect amount of sweetness . they are neither too sweet ( another problem many dried fruit snacks have ) nor are they flavourless.however , the packet only contains 2.1-oz of these apple clusters . the amount is shown in the uploaded photo.recommended as a slightly sweet healthy snack .
= crunchy , tasty , addictive snacks
< crunchy and tasty

> wow i am not a fan of this genre , so this was actually the first album that i bought and i truly loved it . this cd does n't have many tracks , but big things come in small pacakges . i 'd rather get 10-tracks that sound good then a 20-track cd with not much on it .
= bring me to life wo n't make you feel dead inside ...
< the first album

> i often resist sunblock and just try to stay in the shade , but for picking berries this year there simply was n't another choice . cotz pediatric spf 40 sunblock kept me from burning without feeling greasy or having any reaction . i use pediatric sunblock because of my ultra-sensitive skin , and this one works just fine .
= effective , not annoying
< works well

> re-sealable bag makes this convenient . large jerky type treat is a hit with the dogs but this 'flavor ' is a bit less well received than the other flavor tried . like the fact it has less 'junk ' although stilll leary in general of treats given the number of recalls .
= dogs seem to like a bit less than other 'flavor '
< convenient and convenient

> so useful and easy to use . these stickies are right next to your computer . they do n't leave a sticky spot when you pull them off and come with re-fills of both the pads and outer container that sticks to your computer . a great idea .
= so cool !
< great idea

> i use this sauce for some dishes that could some zip . love to dip grilled cheese sandwiches in it and chips and veggies of all kinds . adds some zip to taco salad and tacos . good on baked potato . i am just starting ,
= i already ordered more of this sauce
< good on baked potato salad

> i was pulled into this story from the first words . i loved the connection they felt without ever seeing eachother . i know that beauty is more than skin deep but the initial attraction is usually there . i loved this story .
= great story !
< loved it !

> wow ! i loved this book and i so happy for zoey and kaleb but it looks like there is trouble brewing for the walker clan in the next book coming out ! i can wait to read zane !
= loved it !
< loved it !

> this is a nicely-made , very comfortable , medium length pair of scissors . the soft rubber handle fits well , and the blades are good for precision work .
= comfortable well-made scissors
< comfortable

> i would recommend this book although i did n't like the ending but do look forward to the next book which possibly will have a better one .
= good
< good

> this works as well as it says . it charges a bit faster and is very easy to use . i recommend .
= very good charger
< works well

> every once in awhile , a film comes along that introduces a character so original that it is impossible to turn away . `` silence of the lambs '' is exactly this type of experience.for a basic plot summary , `` silence of the lambs '' sees young fbi agent clarice starling ( jodi foster ) given her first assignment : interrogate hannibal `` the cannibal '' lector ( anthony hopkins ) , a former psychologist-turned-psychopath . in trying to glean some information from hannibal about the grizzly `` buffalo bill '' murders , clarice catches the caged madman 's sense of gamesmanship and enters into a battle of wits with the thought-provoking lector.this film primarily works because of the hannibal lector character . from out of nowhere , he becomes one of the most iconic villains in cinema history . he 's clearly a crazed personality ( as evidenced by his cannibalistic tendencies ) , but at the same time he is utterly brilliant ability to dissect the inner human psyche . his inner battle of wits with agent starling is incredibly interesting material that never gets old no matter how many times it is viewed.however , the film is also just an overall general masterpiece in pretty much all areas . the basic plot involving the buffalo bill maniac is chilling ( especially the heart-pounding ending ) , the music is also creepily in the background , and the visuals are scary while still managing to be realistic.simply put , this is one of the greatest suspense thrillers ever made . it created an iconic character , launched the career of jodi foster , and carved itself a place in many `` greatest of all-time '' lists . i 've viewed it multiple times and it always seems to evoke the same creepy emotions every single time ( the mark of a truly chilling viewing experience ) .
= an exercise in creepiness
< a suspense thriller

> the circle is now complete . the final installment , and by far the darkest , of the star wars films . one movie , 6 parts , 13 hrs . many may hate this , but i , unlike the poser star wars fans , enjoy what lucas did . `` after three long years of relentless fighting , the clone wars are nearly at an end . the jedi council dispatches obi-wan kenobi to bring general grievous , the deadly leader of the separatist droid army , to justice . meanwhile , back on coruscant , chancellor palpatine has grown in power . his sweeping political changes transform the war-weary republic into the mighty galactic empire . to his closest ally , anakin skywalker , he reveals the true nature of power and the promised secrets of the force in an attempt to lure him to the dark side . '' anakin skywalker 's journey to the dark side of the force lends revenge of the sith a darker , more tragic tone than any of the other movies in the star wars saga . for the actors who inhabit the characters , that meant the opportunity to bring a new level of sophistication and nuance to their performances . some dialogue is a little flismy , and yes some acting , but nowhere near as much as many would say . the effects are incredible , and the final shots are breath taking and jaw dropping . they are among the most powerful shoits in cinema history ! the lightsaber duels have never been this intense ! in the end , evil triumphs . the birth of the most powerful sith who ever lived , darth vader , is witnessed in the spectacular 3rd episode of the star wars series . revenge of the sith ! . go and see it !
= brought a tear to my eye ... .lived up to the hype
< the circle is now

> i 've read all of marie 's books . every single one has been a wonderful reading experience . no two are the same . i can recall each book without mixing it up with another book.who writes like this ? who manages to create and weave a tale that has unique relationships and occurances in each story ? marie force ; that 's who ! i saved this series for last in order to read them in order from the beginning to end , or as close to the end according to the current book in the series . i now realize that i 've saved the hot fudge sundae for last . dessert is always my favorite part of the meal and imagine how thrilled i am to find out that this series is everything i was hoping for and better.this first book in the series gives us so many fine characters . it 's chock-full of suspense . there are murders afoot ! sam and nick are written to perfection and their renewed relationship is very realistically written . sam is a hard-nosed cop with a heart of gold that she continually tries to keep wrapped up . nick is just the guy to soften her edges and curl her toes . i love how she blossoms under his attention and love.i 'm excited to move ahead to the next book in this series ! thank you marie force for sharing your talented writing skills . you give us greedy readers so much reading enjoyment.moving on : fatal justice is next ! !
= wow . different . entertaining . i 'm loving the series !
< another great book by marie force !

> robert zemeckis is an extraordinarily compelling filmmaker , and he knows when to keep things seemingly simple . tom hanks again proves his acting chops in this very imaginative psychological adventure tale ; from the moment he is in the plane until he is rescued , this is one magnetically charged movie , and in ways you might not expect . the plane crash itself jolts your senses ; it is that kind of big-screen sequence in which you lose all sense of time and place and are in the movie ; cast away remains that way throughout the entire sequence on the island . the ocean waves themselves become characters , and their incessant pounding on the surf takes on a horrific quality , even in its natural beauty . but as sure-footed as this movie is when tom is & quot ; cast away & quot ; , it is disheartening to report that the final half hour or so , featuring an uninteresting helen hunt , robs us of the very buildup we 've been mesmerized by for over 90 minutes . and the bookend plot device simply does not give us what we want after having endured so much . still , you will not likely see a more creatively charged big-budget movie this season , nor a performance as riveting at hanks ' . the device of wilson the volleyball as hanks ' only & quot ; friend & quot ; is brilliantly executed , with an emotional payoff as surprising as it is deftly handled .
= hypnotic
< the volleyball as hanks

> not usually overly wordy with my reviews , i like to just cut to the chase and tellyou my thoughts about a product . this product is a new one to me , i have never had 'energy drinks ' of any kind , before this one ... and i was n't so sure about trying it ... but i was wrong . i think this will be a nice change for those who get burnt out on iced coffees or teas or pop for their little boost in the morning or late afternoon , plus the bonus of real fruit juice ( 70 % ) .the product itself had a really fresh strawberry banana taste with flecks of fruit in it , it is slightly carbonated . no weird aftertaste and at 90 calories who can argue that ? ? no fat , super low ( 15 mg ) sodium and a great source of potassium at 190 mg. one of the major bonuses of this product in my mind is that it has no corn syrup or fructose added , it is sweetened w/a natural product ( stevia ) i think this new product will be a winner , i sure would enjoy this in the summer , a great change from that syrupy pop that i would usually reach for a 'pick me up ' . just remember this is not for kids = )
= fruit drink with a little energy boost !
< not for kids = )

> bullock reprises the role she played so well inmiss congeniality : the fbi agent , unmistakably competent in her own right , but thrown way over her head into an unfamiliar environment . instead of the pageant scene , though , this time it 's the rough streets and rougher people of south boston . and , instead of a solo undercover operation , this one turns into a buddy-cop flick , with bullock 's prim and by-the-book character grating against a foul-mouthed but effective native . the plot goes as you might expect - so , in the interest of avoiding spoilers , i 'll let you see it play itself out . given so predictable a plot , the entertainment comes wholly from the main characters . great entertainment , but not for those with delicate ears.but , since miss congeniality was so effective , they recycled more than just the character . the boozy buddy-bonding scene gets reused , too . if you 're looking for something new and different , i 'm afraid you 've come to the wrong place . instead , this is like comfort food : familiar , cozy , and nothing to think too hard about . as long as you can deal with rough-edged people and their rough-edged language ( and bullock 's nice-girl character hilariously trying use it ) , it 's good fun. -- wiredweird
= the very odd couple
< good , but not for those with delicate ears.but

> michael mann 's slick , ultra violent thriller `` collateral '' serves as a worthy coming out party for the non comedic talents of jamie foxx . foxx playing ambitious l.a. cabbie max durocher becomes an unwitting accomplice , at gunpoint , to smooth and unruffled hitman vincent played by a grey coiffed tom cruise.cruise has been employed by a drug kingpin known as felix who is about to be indicted by federal prosecutors . cruise 's task is to assassinate five witnesses that have been hidden by both the fbi and l.a.p.d . he is using foxx and his cab to chauffeur him his various assignments . when his first victim falls through a 4th floor window onto the roof of foxx 's cab the reality of the frightful adventure commences.prior to foxx 's initial brush with cruise he had picked up federal attorney the beautiful jada pinkett smith . their innocent but somewhat hard to believe conversation and encounter , will have major relevance to the later developement of the plot.mann 's direction keeps the flick moving at a crisp pace . the camera work is effective in accomplishing this especially in the frenetic gun battle in the night club . the interplay between cruise and foxx is superb and heightens the character developement to make them both believable and sympathetic . the musical score is quite good as well .
= a lethal night 's work - more like 4 1/2 stars
< foxx smith

> i got these mostly to help with re-labeling my folders and this works great for that . they were easy to run through my ink-jet printer and looks great ! much better than my terrible handwriting on the folder tabs.one thing i like is that the size is pretty wide . you can put a lot of detail on one label without having to go to a second line . great ! the other day i was doing a lot of mailings . oh , how i hate writing my address one at a time over and over again . i then thought of these and found out it handled my three lines of addressing information just fine so i printed out a sheet . what a time saver ! ! i 'm sure these were designed for it but that was a very nice bonus . as a note , that only worked on my sending address . most of the labels i was sending had four and sometime even five lines of address information . these labels only hold three without reducing the font ( not advisable ) so i used another post-it product for that . ca n't win them all , i guess.bottom line is that these are excellent and my office is much better off with me utilizing them .
= excellent !
< great for folders

> we have a new ipad , and the screen picks up fingerprints like sherlock holmes picks up clues . there 's no way around it -- the screen is beautiful , glassy , hi res , and meant to be touched.that 's where the ieraser comes in . it 's about the size of a deck of cards . one side is a hard plastic handle , and the other is a softer `` eraser . '' a few passes over the ipad took off weeks ' worth of grime without leaving any residue . it claims to be renewable -- that you can basically just wipe off the eraser side and continue indefinitely.i liked it a lot , and can only think of two neutral to negative comments . first , i do n't see how it 's much better than a microfiber glass cleaning cloth . second , i wish the eraser side has a cover . since it does n't , i 'm keeping mine in a ziploc bag , which is n't the most elegant solution.overall , recommended -- a good addition to an ipad or other tablet support kit .
= handy but not essential
< great for ipad or other tablet support

> liam neeson as `` bryan mills , '' reminded me of denzel washington 's role in `` man on fire . '' in that film , washington played a relentless-and-brutal bodyguard who did what he had to do to get kidnapped dakota fanning back to her parents . here , neeson does the same to get his daughter `` kim '' back from kidnappers/sex trade slimeballs . an ex-professional killer in retirement , `` bryan '' travels to paris and shows the bad guys who they 're messing with ! neeson is very good in here.yeah , it 's a little far-fetched but it 's a fun hour-and-a-half that 's guaranteed to entertain and a no-nonsense , shoot-first film that always satisfies . it also looks good on blu-ray . beware though : this is another `` shaky '' hand-held camera deal on the action scenes , which can be tough on your eyes at times.one last thing : it 's not `` non-stop action '' as some have said . this movie starts slowly and builds up . it 's the last half hour that 's non-stop violence , not the whole film .
= no-nonsense neeson fits the bill
< a fun film

> they were always making me to go to the dentist , get vaccinations , go to bed on time , eat my vegetables , stand up straight , brush my teeth , etc . it was never ending , and i frequently wished i had cool parents who would let me do what i wanted.so what if you had parents like that , who never bugged you about anything ? they would probably be like jeannette walls ' parents , who never bothered their kids at all . also , they almost never put food on the table , got them medical care , or provided clothing and housing . jeannette walls gives a page-turning , haunting account of growing up practically homeless with two parents who were living like kings in their minds , but were mentally ill by society 's standards.unlike similar memoirs , walls makes the reader see that even though her parents were very flawed people unable to exist in normal society , they loved their children to the best of their ability . you wo n't be able to put it down .
= i had the worst parents in the world ... .
< a haunting , haunting account of growing up

> i received this book as a prize in a giveaway . since i won all three books of the series , i put off reading , because when i like a series novel , i have a tendency to read them back to back ( in total , we 're talking about 1500 pages here ) . true to form , i read divergent , and went straight into insurgent , and finally allegiant . divergent was excellent ! a fresh , unique storyline , that in some cases paralleled or came close to a few other popular ya novels , but managed to separate itself from the pack with great writing , and intriguing plot twists . i would have been happy where the book ended , leaving things unfinished , so the reader could use there imagination . so not really an annoying cliffhanger , so much as a few unanswered questions the reader can look forward to exploring in a second book . excellent character development combined with great story telling , make this one a winner !
= divergent ( 1 of series )
< excellent !

> nicole kidman plays as a english mother who has two children that have a rare disease that they are allergic to sunlight and must stay in the dark . the children have been talking to spirits but these ghosts want to take over the house and threaten to kill all of those who live there.a spiritual and interesting thriller with elements of horror and drama mixed into it and a nice twist in the end . this movie is guaranteed to give you chills up your spine , highly recommended ! similar movies recommended : final destination , house by the cemetery , the haunting , city of the living dead ( a.k.a . the gates of hell ) , house ( 1986 ) , beetlejuice , making contact ( a.k.a . joey ) , final destination 2 , darkness falls , poltergeist , suspiria , carrie , phenomena , the shining , the sixth sense , ghost , tenebre , inferno , the beyond ( a.k.a . the seven doors of death ) and house on haunted hill .
= outstanding ! a thrilling journey to the afterlife .
< the beyond mother of the cemetery

> this dispenser works as intended , but gets in the way during use , requires product-specific refills , and is only a little more effective than a desktop tape dispenser.i used this dispenser wrapping some of my this season 's gifts , and found it got in the way while worn on my hand or knuckles ( as recommended ) -- i was n't able to manipulate the partially-wrapped gifts very well one-handed . i have average-sized male hands , and the strap is tight across my hand . i was able to wear it on my wrist a little more comfortably , but found the convenience not much different than having a more versatile desktop tape dispenser nearby.when i put the unit down , it often ended up with the `` wrong '' side down , causing the tape poking out to stick to the dispenser itself.while i 'm usually a gadget-freak , this unit is a little too specific without adding much function . unless you work at a gift-wrapping station , not recommended .
= works ok but cumbersome + single-function
< works as intended

> i 'm not a fan of light coffee - but perhaps because that 's because i have n't found light coffee that does n't taste like colored water - until now . the caramel creme is sweet and has full flavor . i currently drink starbucks caramel kcups ( i always order a starbucks caramel macchiato when i visit - which is rare because a `` tall '' is almost five bucks now ) and pay almost nine dollars for a ten count box at my local grocery ( wegmans ) . i really ca n't tell any difference between the starbucks caramel and the martinson - however , as of this review - this is currently much more reasonably price - and taste great so this is a total winner . now i just hope my wegmans will start carrying this brand ! edit to add : i use either the 6oz or 8oz size on my keurig . use one pack of truvia and about a teaspoon of creamer when making my coffee .
= better than starbucks caramel
< great light coffee - great taste !

> starbucks 's natural fusions ground coffee , vanilla flavor , has a wonderful aroma while brewing . also , i could tell it is quality because i did n't need as much to put into the coffee maker . when i put in the same measurement as i do my regular coffee , the starbucks blend would come out too strong.once i got the measurement down , it made a nice cup of coffee . the vanilla is not too strong . i got a hint of mint from it as well . it does have a bit of a bite on aftertaste but when i put the right amount of cream , it was very tasty and smooth.i have had as both hot and iced and while both versions were good , i actually prefer it iced which is saying something because usually i only like iced coffee from a coffee shop like starbucks.i will probably look at other flavors of this brand and try them out too .
= a bit bitter but with right amount of cream , it smoothes out
< tasty and tasty

> this cute story follow the efforts of socially awkward don 's pursuit of the ideal wife . don is a brilliant professor who is probably suffering from asperger 's syndrome . his perspective is unique and his inability to interpret social cues limits his social life to two friends , the sex crazed chair of the psychology department and his long suffering wife . don thrives on routine and order and formulates a lengthy questionnaire to cull the field of potential mates . enter the sexy barmaid rosie , an unlikely match on a quest of her own.light and frothy , this book reminds me of the big bang theory . while there are some humorous moments , the story drags in the middle and the narrative loses steam . still this is pleasant interlude , though not as funny as it could have been . recommended .
= little bang theory
< cute story , but not as funny as it could have been

> i usually alternate between buying either playtex or tampax , depending on whichever brand happens to be on sale . the last few times i 've bought tampax pearl , though , i 've noticed more problems with leaking . i 'd never used this playtex gentle glide one before , but was glad to be able to try it out.unlike other reviewers , i find the packaging to be easy to open , and the applicator is easy to use . the regular size works perfect for me , but i might also buy the ultra for the first few days since they 've gotten good reviews.these work great , and do n't make me worry about having any embarrassing moments occur !
= really work well
< great for the price

> these cashews are another nice addition to emerald 's line of nut snacks . as someone who 's addicted to peanuts and nuts for snacking ( i usually have 2-3 containers open at any given time ) , i 'm always looking for some variety , such as these with their salt+pepper seasoning reminiscent , in some ways , more of chips than nuts.the cashews themselves are high quality , large and meaty.note the description is accurate , they liberally use both salt and pepper , so the sodium level in these is more than twice that of the similar cannister of emerald almonds , and the pepper flavor is distinct . avoid if you dislike pepper or are on a salt-restricted diet .
= tasty alternate to peanuts or almonds
< another nice addition to emerald 's line of nut snacks

> these fruit thins were just ok in my opinion . they reminded me of a graham cracker with pieces of blueberry throughout . although i do n't think they were bad , i certainly do n't think they were fantastic either . it 's not anything i 'll ever be craving or would go out and buy . if i want a munchie i 'll grab something more flavorful . my 8-year-old son liked these but my 9-year-old daughter did n't care for them much either . unless you 're a fan of graham crackers and stuff like that i do n't think i 'd recommend these .
= tastes like a graham cracker with bits of blueberry ...
< just ok

> this is a good option if you need two sided tape . it is very nicely sticky and rolls on well . basically the tape dots are on a plastic strip and lift off as you press and roll the the applicator and the used portion stays inside . you do have to press evenly , which is not difficult at all for me , but a bit more difficult for my children when i let them try it . this is a great crafting adhesive .
= very handy two sided tape option
< good adhesive

> as someone who enjoys iced coffee , i really like illy issimo coffee drink . it contains coffee , milk and sugar , which is just what i want in my iced coffee . i did n't taste any bitterness whatsoever . the only problem is that a tiny 8.45 ounce bottle is usually not enough , which means you 'll be tempted to try two if not more and that can add on a few more calories than expected .
= a good little pick-me-up
< good coffee drink

> jake ! what a character ! im loving some jake . fate has such a way of intervening when you need it to the most . abby was exactly what jake needed even if he didnt know it . so much more emotional that i expected . vey much enjoyed it and looking forward to aj 's or even rhys ' story hopefully .
= what a story !
< jake is a jake !

> nothing special about these labels . i find they do not adhere as well as 3m products ( post-its ) . in addition , it is easy -- too easy -- to remove more than one label when all you wanted was one . overall , i was not impressed and wo n't order this product again .
= nothing special about these
< not impressed

> jamie mcguire has done it again . i really enjoyed the story of travis and abby 's wedding , along with the look at their one year anniversary . i really like how both travis and abby continued to put each other first . i really enjoyed how travis kept bringing up memories of his mom .
= really enjoyed it .
< another great book by jamie mcguire

> oh my what a cliff hanger . i am so mad at aiden right now i could strangle him . why did he do that to emma . i just wanted him to tell her the truth that he loved her and the baby . great read ca n't wait to read the next book .
= love this book !
< wow

> love the way this book hooks you into sienna and lucas ' dysfunctional romance story . you get to see where she started as a custom designer and see him with his rock band and his egocentricities . just hang on for the ride and make sure to read devoured !
= all over you ( devoured prequel )
< love the way

> up and coming realtor sales person brooke meets a client that changes her life immediately ! he rubs her the wrong way at first sight and grows on her extremely fast ! jeff townsend millionaire extraordinaire has his own set of plans and he involves brooke with out her knowledge .
= trust , manipulation and lies ...
< loved it !

> never get tired of reading kristen . this series is just amazing . will the hot football star will grab your heart and make you want more . his love for maegan will make you cheer for him to win her heart . but can she ever love again ?
= loved it ! ! !
< wow

> this movie was so bad . the only part i enjoyed was when they got to the island and it showed the tribe . after that its all downhill . i left the flick before it was done . i should have demanded my money back .
= bad
< so bad

> we do have a community garden at my apartment complex and squirrels are a bit of a problem . so far , this is more effective than other brands and the sprayer definitely is a plus .
= seems to keep squirrels out of our community garden
< works great

> this was just as good as the other two.i ca n't wait to start the next book.i hope that all of them have a happy ending .
= wow
< loved it

> this of course is a remake of the sci fi classic staring gene barry , frankly a much better movie than this mess . when speilberg is good , he 's one of the best , films like shindler 's list and jaws are classics , but then he does films like this and a.i. , films that just are not well made , it 's not so much the content of the production value , it 's just poor pacing and bad narrative and story movement . this movie has some cool special effects and i like cruise in the title role , but the story ends so abruptly you think that maybe you got a defective dvd , the film get summed up in like half a minute , you 're left to just sit there in amazement and wonder , did speilberg see this last cut , did he screen this at all ? frankly , i have never been a fan of dakota fanning , i find her a really odd little girl , in all her movies she acts and talks like an insolant forty year old . saturday night live used to do a dead on impression of her , that got the crux of her totally annoyance , really she was just the limit in this , one minute doing her patentent forty year old know it all , then the next screaming like a five year old throwing a fit , it 's all so bizarre , i really felt for cruise having to act with this strange creature . like i said the speical effects were top notch as with all of speilbergs films , but it all sort of came to nothing , because the ending was so obtuse , this film should have gone on at least another thirty minutes , if for no other reason as to explain so many unanswered questions .
= who edited this mess
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i think i liked this book just as much as the first two . while i am a tad disappointed there were still unanswered questions and it will take a fourth book , you do n't want to drag a series out too long.brynne and ethan are a fabulous , sexually charged , messed up couple not making much headway in the messed up part in book three . they both still seem to have so much personal and emotional baggage to get through , it is hard for them to be a `` normal '' couple . plus there is someone after brynn so ethan is always on high alert with her.i liked that these guys try and communicate with each other even when things are rough with their no lies policy . what i forgot when reading this installment is that they have only been together for a few months , usually that annoys me , but raine miller pulls it off with this series . so along with their original problems , her video and his war trauma , they have a couple more huge things thrown in the mix to work around.i do n't want to post spoilers , but things get pretty hairy and there are still some unanswered questions . like a few other reviews , i think the action plot line was a bit rushed , but honestly i was glad it was over . i would rather read about how ethan and brynn handle real life with a little less drama next time . i think getting ethan to open up his past will be great in book four.this is a well written , steamy book with heartbreak and action all in one . ethan is still at the top of my book boyfriend list with that filthy , dirty mouth !
= still a good series
< ethan is a must read !

> i usually hate films that use this formula : `` white guy thrown into a foriegn ( non-white american ) culture turns into the leader of the people of that culture '' .the white guy in the savage land motif has been used many times before , in tarzan movies ( hidden movie message : black people=apes ) , westerns like `` a man called horse '' and tv shows like shogun , doctari and johnny quest . now the great actor , yoda-er , um , tom cruise , takes a turn at playing the white savior in the last samurai . i 'll give this movie points for:1. the cinematography - very nicely done.2 . the asian actors - they were very good and were able to do the physical stunt work in a convincing manner.3 . the battle scenes - they were really good.4 . the historical context of the movie - a very interesting period in japanese history.the issue that i have with the last samurai is that the film does turn into a 'bwana adventure towards the end . the white guy learns to handle a katana like a pro in a year ( ho-ha ! ) , being able to take on ninjas and trained killers with little difficulty . then he becomes a general of this rebel army at the same time , due to his vastly superior experience as an american soldier of course . this transition from `` hated enemy '' to `` bwana '' is always a problem.if it was'nt for all the good stuff in this film that i mentioned earlier , i would recommend giving the last samurai a pass , but it is worth watching at least once .
= a more respectable `` 'bwana '' movie - 3 1/2 stars..
< a good movie , but not great

> i am so sad that this series is over . i loved this book so much that i found myself doing little things to make my reading last longer , but on the other hand i could n't put the book down . this is a wonderful , awesome book . do n't read this book unless you have read the first two or you wo n't get the true feelings and emotions of this book . i love baseball . i love romances . combine the two and you have a hit ! ! ! i love how j. sterling shed some insight on how hard the life of a mlb player is . we as fans see the fame and excitement of the sport . we often forget the business side of it . i loved how this story was just a good story . there was never a time that i worried that the book would n't turn out as i wanted it to . jack f***ing carter is the bomb ! ! ! ! cassie is the ultimate understanding baseball wife ! ! ! ! thank you , j. sterling , for both pov 's , and a wonderful epilogue . any chance for a story about chance or jacey ? ? ? ? or coby ? ? ? i love jack 's grandparents . they are the glue that holds the family together . i am going to miss these characters . i wish that the rating scale would go higher than 5 stars because i sure would give it a higher rating . if you have n't read the series , now is the time to start ! ! ! !
= the sweetest everything ! ! ! ! !
< i am so sad that i love baseball ! ! !

> under locke begins when iris moves in with her brother and now trying to find a job . she gets the chance when a friend of her brother 's who 's in an mc gives her a chance at his tattoo parlour . iris is a very sweet type of person who lets most things roll off her shoulder . but when she meets her new boss who is seriously hot , but also a jerk she knows that she ca n't work with him . especially after he does something mean to her that she ca n't seem to forget or forgive . these two take a slow journey from disliking each other , to actual friendship when iris runs into some trouble and needs dex 's help . then from there they turn the slow build to something more . it was a very beautiful process , even though i felt iris went a little overboard on some things.i think the best part about the book was the slow build relationship . and even once they got together they still did goofy things around each other that made the romance even more sweet . i really did like the book . it probably would have been a lot better if iris was n't so annoying at times . i liked her a lot but then she pissed me off a few times by just how she acted . i also really liked dec and the rest of the people iris hung out with . this book was a beautiful romance , with a tough biker , a biker family and more drama.more reviews at shooting stars reviews , [ ... ]
= like it !
< slow build relationship

> i put off reading `` water for elephants '' for a long time because i 'd heard it was about a circus , and that topic held no interest for me . however , so many people recommended this book to me that i finally bought it , and once i started reading it , i could n't put it down ! this is a wonderful story about the dark side of working on a traveling circus during the great depression . the story is told in flashbacks by jacob jankowski , a former circus worker who is now in his early nineties and living in an assisted living facility . jacob recalls the tragedies that led him to jump a train one night and end up working as the resident veterinarian for the benzini brothers most spectacular show on earth . there is n't really anything spectacular about working for a traveling circus , however , and this well-researched novels depicts the class issues between the performers and the workmen , the mistreatment of the animals , and the cruelty demonstrated by the show bosses . `` water for elephants '' is also a touching love story revolving around jacob and marlena , a beautiful performer who is trapped in an ugly and abusive marriage with one of the circus bosses.i absolutely loved this book . it 's a real page-turner filled with dynamic characters , vivid descriptions , comical moments , and terrible heartache . `` water for elephants '' will have a place of honor in my bookcase for all time . i highly recommend this book to everyone !
= best book i 've read in many months
< a wonderful story

> i enjoyed maise 's story and being in her mind , `` yes . your a man , a very pretty one who 's being very nice to me , and i do n't know what the hell i 'm doing . '' the girl has a way with words , `` and the reason i need that class , '' i said , `` is so i can get the eff out of this town . '' evan you know i thought he was a decent guy , and you call tell how much he cares for her , `` i do n't know what to do , '' he said . `` you tell me what you want . you can transfer to another class . or i can - i can submit my resignation , right now . i 'll do it . just give me the word . '' and maise can see through his bullsh** , `` do n't give me that fake boy scout routine , '' i said . `` you 're sitting there with a hard-on . '' i do n't really mind age differences in stories but evan he was just weird , and not to mention he was n't honest with maise from the beginning , i understand why he did n't but he still should have . this story is about a girl going after her dreams and falling in love along the way , about having courage to break through expectations and make new ones .
= evan
< i can submit what you want to read this

> so we recently got my son his own computer and since i already had 3 on my 3 license kaspersky , i got norton to put onto his computer . i was a little leary because i had had bad experiences with norton in the past . ... .but anything is better than nothing , right ? wrong . norton installed fine but his computer crashed a lot . i called my brother , my go-to computer guy , and he suggested uninstalling norton to see if it kept happening ( i had n't installed anything else ) . i uninstalled it and guess what , he was right , no more crashes . i never these kinds of issues with kaspersky ( or norton ... .it 's just that norton let me down big time , and i almost lost my computer , so i switched ) . maybe it 's trying to do too much . i thought it would be nice to have such a nice blanket , but for me , it did not turn out well ... again . i did like the interface , and my brother is coming to visit next month , so maybe i will have him take a look at it and see if he can do anything . if he does i will repost and let you know . i do n't have high hopes !
= loaded fine , easy , but created problems
< works well , but ...

> a tragic wreck was & # 8230 ; wow.amazing and gripping installment . loved it from cover to cover . i was addicted to it.i was up much later than i should have been because of the classes i had the next morning , but it was totally worth it.every character is perfectly and deeply crafted . every emotion , interaction and reaction is well developed . every word fits perfectly.story simply captivates you and you are trying to turn the pages fast , but sometimes you can not do it fast enough.t.k . did not disappoint . she blew me away with her amazing and beautiful , consuming writing style.this is certainly series i & # 8217 ; ll be re-reading.simply loved it and definitely ca n't recommend it high enough.looking forward to read the third book. & # 8807 ; & # 9684 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9684 ; & # 8806 ; 5 & # 10032 ; read & # 8807 ; & # 9673 ; & # 9697 ; & # 9673 ; & # 8806 ; & # 62 ; & # 62 ; & # 62 ; arc received in exchange for an honest review & # 60 ; & # 60 ; & # 60 ;
= simply loved it
< a tragic wreck

> such hopes for the new bond series has been momentarily dashed . not only will we have to wait extra long for the next movie to come out ( due to studio bankruptcy ) but daniel craig 's second attempt at bond fell flat.quantum of solace never got off the ground for me . i liked how it picked up right after casino royale . the opening car chase was perfect for the bond man.then things got confusing and jumbled.we had characters enter the movie only to be killed in the next scene . what was up with the woman who was supposed to keep her eye on bond , sleep with him and then get oil poured all over her ? i understand it was in honor of goldfinger , but things moved too quickly here . there were so many characters that were introduced , without clearly explaining why they were in the movie , only to be killed within 30 seconds.this attempt to re-energize james bond as the british counter to jason bourne is not having a positive result.craig is still amazing as bond . i think he ranks # 2. yet , even his mad skills could n't save this movie from the land of the lame .
= bond stumbles
< bond is back

> i 've tried many different remedies for my insomnia , from prescription ambien to benadryl and z-quil . they 've had mixed results . the ambien did n't always work : i sometimes fell asleep and woke up then could n't go back to sleep , sometimes could n't sleep at all but just felt strange . the benadryl did n't do anything except help with allergies , and the z-quil ruined my next day by making me feel groggy . regular melatonin did n't do anything for me either , and yet this stuff , which is mostly melatonin , was pretty helpful . it did n't knock me out , but i felt relaxed enough to doze off within 45 minutes . i did n't feel groggy the next day.as for the ingredients , they were much safer and gentler than the prescription stuff , and the fact they used stevia instead of other artificial sweeteners was very considerate . i hate artificial sweeteners , and while stevia still has a funny taste , it is safer and more natural . the taste was ok .
= better than expected in all respects : effectiveness , taste , and ingredients
< did n't always work for me

> celine is a vampire soldier . it 's her job to fight the werewolves who have been hunted to near extinction . she is the adopted daughter of the ruler of her covern , viktor . while viktor sleeps for several hundred years , the covern is ruled by his proxy . this vampire has betrayed his kind and is dealing with the werewolf leader , lucian . lucian is discovering how to create a hybrid werewolf/vampire . michael is his subject . as celine and michael become closer , the war escalates . her only choice is to awaken her father , viktor . viktor is pissed and personally goes to crush the werewolves and their collaborators . the only problem is , he will never accept celine and michael 's relationship.this is an excellent movie . in a world full of half baked horror/action movies , underworld shines brightly . a great cast , story , and awesome intensity shoot this film to the top of it 's respective genre . do n't you dare miss it .
= an amazing movie
< the best of the series

> what can one say of the movie jaws ? it is an icon -- as much as the statue of liberty or the empire state building . i 've noticed some people dump on the special effects as & quot ; pre-cgi & quot ; . this movie is the argument against cgi . do n't believe me ? watch & quot ; the deep blue sea. & quot ; as for the dvd itself , a lot of the material was all ready included on the 20th anniversary vhs -- notably , the spielberg interviews . however , that was just vhs . this also contains many of the deleted scenes which ( although clearly left out for a reason ) are still quite enjoyable to watch . this dvd sounds like no other broadcast version i 've heard ; compare this whale-song to the one on vhs . also , this is a completely different movie seen in widescreen format . if you 're a jaws fan , you have to own this dvd .
= one of the best movies ever !
< the best movie of the year

> i have mixed feelings about this product . i tried it around my knee since i often have arthritis pains on the back of my legs when the weather changes . first , the texture is very `` slimy '' and not very pleasant to feel or work with . it was fairly easy to apply and i did not have any problems with it coming off . once it is on , the cool sensation is quite nice and soothing . as for as pain relief , it was just okay . i followed the directions for storing ( on the website , not on the package ) by placing it in a zip-lock bag , sprinkling a little water over it , and storing it in the refrigerator . the second time i used it , i discovered that the water has congealed into an even grosser substance . overall , not happy with the product and will not use it again .
= kind of icky
< not happy with the product

> i love this series and matt and nic 's story was no different ! when nic 's bff bailey talks her into going to a party there is little left to the imagination of nic 's vanilla experience . when she encounters a tall handsome dom who has a thing for knots.when nic agrees to make the wedding cake for one of the montgomery boys weddings , the last thing she expected was to see her dom again . he came in the form of one matt montgomery , detective by day master by night.when nic decides to give his bedroom antics a try ( because she 's hot for it ) on a casual level . they both find that they have bitten off more than either of them expected.the other thing that i love about this series is that you still get to read what is going on in the lives of the other characters that bring this series together .
= loved it ! ! !
< love this series !

> i 'm still deciding what i think about these savory teas . i definitely do n't recommend them for summer drinking , because while they are tasty hot , as iced tea they fall flat . however i could really see enjoying these in the winter as a calorie-free treat that warms the body . one thing i especially appreciated is the complexity of the flavors . for example , the tomato mint has black pepper that added a nice zip to it . be aware that four of these savory blends contain decaf green tea and two contain decaf black tea . also these teas contain between 135 and 200 mg of naturally occurring sodium . i 'm looking forward to drinking these when the weather gets cool .
= interesting . . .
< tasty , but not too sweet

> i have never been disappointed with the quality of jarrow formulas supplements . i really believe that when it comes to minerals , vitamins and supplements , you get what you pay for . while jarrows are a bit pricier than some , the quality is higher and consistent , an important consideration.realizing that the individual experience may vary , i am hesitant to give the product more than three stars . it helped me clear my mind , but more importantly , i am sleeping slightly better . one might conclude that my thinking is clearer because i am sleeping slightly better . nothing is gained by not trying the product , and i am planning to continue taking it daily .
= a quality company , a good product
< helped me clear my mind

> i used olympus has fallen in a history class to show how the chain of command of our government works . as a story , this is something a little different than most and that makes it interesting.originally i had no burning desire to watch this movie but when i was told about how the various cabinet members were interwoven in the storyline , i became intrigued enough to show it to my 11th grade students . the language is a bit more than one might hope for a school movie , but because of the side stories and chain of command issues , the pros outweighed the cons.as a story , it was better than i had either anticipated or hoped .
= interesting storyline
< a little different than most

> i am a cheapskate when it comes to laundry detergent . since college , i 've really only bought the more inexpensive out there . well , i decided to try tide after washing my teen 's black pants for work almost nightly and they were starting to get dingy..fast . my mom said & # 34 ; you get what you pay for & # 34 ; ! so i tried regular tide . bingo . i really did see a difference in our clothes . i love this scent . i usually get baking soda or no scent but this is light , airy and just plain nice . our blankets smell wonderful even a week later .
= awesome stuff
< love this scent !

> spoiler alertthere is a reason the books in this series are best sellers . the conclusion is worth every cent and exactly what i was expecting . i think enough time has passed and everyone knows the ending . katniss finds she is a pawn of the resistance movement and accepts it and uses it to her advantage . i was surprised that she ends up living in peace with peeta . there it is out . i was a team gale girl all the way . there is not much to write about this one that has n't been written . yes , you need to read this series .
= bookhounds [ ... ]
< worth every cent

> i found the drop-ins very useful for my infant . when he was breastfed and i was out , my husband could easily warm up the frozen milk and don ; t worry about washing the bottle.when we switched later to formula it was more annoying to mix it with water and we used regular bottles more often , especially when on the go.the playtex nipple is very soft and my son refused harder ones but it was ok with this one . overall i can say that i really like this set and will use it with my next baby for the first several months .
= great for newborns .
< great for infant infant

> in the old west , a stranger arrives in town as some mysterious beings attack and abduct the locals . rivals come together to fight a common enemy and attempt to save their loved ones . this film successfully melds the western and science fiction genres , bringing to the screen a fun and exciting action film with a little mystery thrown in . it starts out working well as a typical western , and the addition of the aliens does nothing to hurt the film 's quality . harrison ford and daniel craig are both top-notch as always and this one definitely works .
= two distinct genres working together .
< the old west

> first of all , this is a wonderful , delightful read . it had me literally smiling and laughing out loud . the writing is witty , clever , engaging and just plain good . it really reminds me of one of my favs alice clayton ( the unidentified redhead series and wallbanger ) , as she is also a master of the romantic comedy . all the characters are beautifully written and are interesting in there own right , even cute little mckenzie . this author will now definitely be on my radar , as i look forward to her future work .
= i absolutely loved this book !
< delightful !

> i agree with the other reviewers who felt that this film is worth seeing for those who enjoy die hard films , but it has weaknesses . there is a great deal of action , but willis is portrayed in this film as an older man , still able to do all he did in the prior films , but not someone we identify with as we identified with him in the prior flicks . i felt there was too much emphasis on him trying to relate to his son and trying to help him .
= not as good as the prior die hard films , but still good
< good movie

> this is a comfortable t-shirt that is good not only to wear around the house but a good , casual t-shirt for running around & # 8211 ; not necessarily for exercise , but for various situations vs. a scraggly looking shirt . it & # 8217 ; s held up well after several washings , and is very light weight but appears to be durable . it is a little pricey for what you get , and it should be interesting to see how it holds up to a hot and humid texas summer .
= comfortable shirt but pricey
< comfortable , but not for exercise

> i have tried everything i know to get this adapter to work but to no avail . it reads the network but will only connect with limited access even when i tried updating the driver from the website , using the pin on the router , manually entering the password , and despite my best efforts it wont work with my network . my other adapter works just fine but this one will not work . it 's a real shame because i was really looking forward to using this .
= problem..
< works well

> for instance , after level 35 you have to do 1 of 3 things to go further -- go to facebook and beg for help , pay money , or do 3 `` quests , '' which are separated by 24 hours each time . additionally , `` lives '' are capped at five ( at least up to level 35. i ca n't progress ; see above ) , and they take 30 minutes each to regenerate . i 've seen better m3 games . most disappointing .
= fairly typical match 3 game with annoying bits
< i 'm not sure about this one .

> this book was heartbreaking but i loved it anyway . i was so engrossed in the story that my stomach was in knots at some points . it was also a great lesson in the political history of afghanistan over that past 30 years . it 's a harsh reminder that these are real people whose lives we 're interfering with over in the middle east and that today 's wars are not fought on battlefields but in neighborhoods . people are dying in their literal backyards .
= heartbreakingly wonderful
< a must read

> this is easily the best version of this wonderful book that exists as far as i have seen . the book is very well housed , care and quality were number one here and as soon as you slip it out of it 's slipcase it will be easy to see why . wonderful illistrations and printed very clearly and easy to read . simply wonderful .
= beautiful version .
< wonderful book

> i read this book a year ago , but never left a review . i just reread it , and i loved it all over again . i loved the ending , it could n't happen to a more deserving person . victor and cara are quite a pair and her son issac makes the book .
= i loved it
< loved it !

> the story was just `` ok '' for me . i liked the concept of the book , but it just did n't have enough angst for me and the sex was boring . but the cover of the book was freakin hot .
= it was ok
< just `` ok ''

> i am so glad to have this screen protector ! it does a fantastic job keeping my screen free from finger prints and it isvery easy to clean . it really does do all this and it is `` bubble free '' !
= does the job
< great screen protector !

> one can assume you are the care-giver of a wiggle-worm if you are reading these reviews . huggies little movers ( hereafter referred to as hlm ) are what you are looking for if your-wiggle worm wiggles out of what you are presently using . these stay put , for most babies . having had 3 of my own , i agree with the reviewers that state that a truly excellent diaper brand will not be a truly excellent brand for every child . the anatomy of your baby definitely affects the performance of the diaper , whatever brand it may be . these do a pretty good job , what with the double-grippers allowing you to position them to what fits your baby . no diaper is absolutely leak proof , if you are looking for this , it wo n't happen regardless of the brand , but huggies does make & # 8220 ; overnighters & # 8221 ; that i understand hold up better than these for night use . however , that would mean having to buy two kinds of huggies . if a parent can get by with one purchase for all , it would certainly be an advantage . this may not happen for your child with hlm . for us it is fine , so far , but as the baby grows it may not be.what we do like about hlm , the waistband is wide and secure , even has some give to it , like stretchy , and the tabs hold , yay ! a word of caution , try to get it right the first time , if your wiggle worm will allow you to , because there is no detaching them and reattaching them either . they stay put . for the most part hlm do a darn good job , not just adequate , the price is fair , and we are happy to recommend them .
= thumbs up for hlm
< huggies little movers

> i really liked the earlier superman movies . routh does a fair job of channelling christopher reeve , at least visually . and i 'll suspend disbelief long enough for three impossible things , just to get the movie going.my suspended disbelief collapsed under the weight that this movie loaded onto it , though . like how lex luthor `` just knew '' that the seed crystal would incorporate other material into whatever grew from it - but not the skin cells left from handling it or the bugs in the water around it . like why lois lane kept dragging her son into insanely dangerous situations.and why we 're supposed to cheer for a guy who uses his super-powers to peek into bedroom windows of a former girlfriend and sneak in on her sleeping child . that left me feeling as if i had come into way too much contact with something that i really need to wash off . yeah , it was all innocent , but ... { shudder } .this movie presents all the super-stuff in pretty much the ways you 'd expect to see it , along with bryan singer 's fascination with things jittering off desks and tables ( how many times was that used ? four ? more ? ) . between the strange character studies and the unending stream of `` where did that come from ? '' events , i really came away wishing i had spent my money on a different movie.//wiredweird
= super stalker ?
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> this sunblock comes in a fair sized 3.5 oz . tube or 100 grams . it 's a large enough tube that it will probably last our kids most of the summer . i had never used a physical sunscreen like this before but most everything about it is good . the active ingredient is zinc oxide and it works by creating a barrier on your skin that reflects off the sun 's rays . it does so without the use of potentially harmful chemicals . chemical sunscreen is more likely to irritate sensitive skin and zinc oxide will not irritate most people . on the downside you will need to reapply this sunblock a little more often . it 's suggested that you reapply every two hours . it is water resistant but only for about 40 minutes so you will want to reapply within an hour of swimming or getting wet . it has the consistency of a thin white lotion and spreads on easily and evenly . depending on how thick you apply it then it may leave a little white color on your skin . it has very little smell and does n't leave your skin feeling oily or greasy like most chemical sunscreens . the cost for this sunblock is a little more but i prefer it for my kids .
= perfect for our young ones
< good for sensitive skin

> in this film anthony hopkins turns in one of the great villainous performances and quite literally scares the pants off most of us . the scene where jodie foster first visits hannibal lector ( hopkins ) in prison is one of those classic scenes that stays with the viewer forever . this is a jarring , scary , and even upsetting film , but it is also a fabulous and powerful viewing experience that should not be passed up.no spoilers here , but the basic theme of the film is that hannibal lector ( hopkins ) is a serial killer-cannibal with a sky-high iq who has finally been captured by the fbi . jodie foster turns in a very fine performance as agent starling , an fbi trainee who is detailed to do some background research on lecter . things immediately spin out of control , and this is a fast-paced and scary film that never drags but is not for the faint of heart . it is , by the way , absolutely not suited for children , so this is in no way a film for an entire family to watch together.overall a powerful and startling viewing experience and most film afficianados will want this one in their dvd collection .
= very powerful and very scary . hopkins rocks !
< a powerful and startling viewing experience

> i love this 10 foot cable as i can use it on some of my external hard drives and they do n't have to be in the middle of where i am ( usually our sunroom or den transferring video and pictures of the kids , vacation , etc. ) . this is not as thick as the other cable i use which came with one of the hard drives ( but is shorter ) . i was afraid that this cable would somehow be slower in transfer rates , especially since it is longer ( i had a 6 foot cable ) . since this cable is just a plain black , and not the `` braided '' looking cable , i thought the other was better as it just looks like a better quality cable ... ..not so , folks . this cable is just as good ! for the price , i do n't think you can beat it , and it comes with a lifetime ( limited ) warranty according to the amazon product description , no brainer ! oh , and if you need an item to bump you up to free shipping status , this at the time of this writing ) is elligible .
= thin , works well , inexpensive ... no brainer .
< great cable , but not as good as the other cable

> i really did n't like this razor . it looked cool and hi-tech , but it handled with all of the grace of a paint roller . the razor-head is too big and difficult to manipulate . they way it bends means you have little control . i found it almost impossible to get the razor head to shave the areas i wanted it to shave , and leave along the areas i did n't want it to shave.that said , it does deliver a remarkably close shave . i was impressed with how smooth my face was after using it , and i think if i was a smooth-cheeked lad then i would have appreciated it much more . if all you need to do is drag a razor across you face in broad strokes then it might work for you.but for guys who want to retain any sort of facial hair , much less one that needs some sculpting like a goatee , then you are going to have trouble with this . the big fat razor head offers no control and is difficult to manipulate.as for me , i am going back to my faithfulmach3
= not a razor for guys with beards
< i

> it is time for a new ferro to make us fall in love . bryan promises to live up to expectations in this new series ( 5 installments ) of a new ferro dreamboat.we are introduced to hallie who is trying very hard to deal with all the horrible things her life life has been plagued with as of late . she is trying to survive her adoptive father 's death , the loss of her home , and the insecurities of a future that is no longer clear . bryan ferro is part of her past ... maybe he should have stayed there for her peace of mind.this first installment in the series is masterfully written . these new characters will not only haunt us , but will fill our minds with new pictures of dreams , love , emotions , and most of all the plot promises to twist and turn . no one like h.m. ward to take us for a roller coaster ride where life moves fast and sometimes everything is upside down . i thoroughly enjoyed this book . i anxiously wait for the next installment !
= a new ferro dreamboat
< another ferro for ferro !

> i first saw batman begins in the theater . quite frankly , i was blown away and thought it was easily the best of the batman movies . i just got done watching the film again , this time the dvd version , and the experience only served to strengthen my initial assessment . this is a 5 star movie . all of the major players are in top form . bale and caine are very natural together , and oldman was a great choice to play a your gordon.i can not wait for the sequel to this movie . under christopher nolan 's deft direction , i am certain the movie will be great . i always thought that spiderman ii was far superior to spiderman . if the sequel to batman begins tops this one , we are in for an exceptional treat.if you are on the fence about seeing this movie , or are not sure if you want to watch it ; do yourself a favor and rent or buy this dvd , it is a top notch 5 star film .
= holy cow batman ... this movie is excellent ! ! !
< the best of the batman

> bennett *sigh* max *swoon* and now will *hubba hubba* with each new book i think i ca n't possibly fall more in love with these guys and now i am & uuml ; ber in love with will ! he and ziggy are smokin ' hot together . her lack of filter and direct nature is refreshing . there interactions were not only sexy but also humorous ... & # 34 ; good sweet baby jesus , i wanted to bang the smirk off this man. & # 34 ; almost every note i made throughout this book consisted of & # 34 ; fanning self & # 34 ; and & # 34 ; they are soo hot together. & # 34 ; this entire series as a whole is fabulous . i love sara and chloe and the guys ? i want to be & # 34 ; in & # 34 ; this crowd . too many stars to count ! ! ! ! ! ! love christina lauren . easily a one click author for me !
= i am in love with everything in this beautiful series ! ! ! !
< love christina lauren ! ! ! !

> although it arrived too late to be of use in what i suspect is it 's primary function ( gift-wrapping ) , the scotch popup tape handband dispenser is an interesting gadget ... .i collect comic-books , so the pre-cut strips of tape are the perfect size for taping the plastic storage bags shut . as for gift-wrapping , i 'd suspect that , at 75 pieces of tape per refill , you 'd go through the whole pack after a handful of presents . ( at least , you would if you wrapped presents like a guy ... .lots of tape ! ! ) aside from the convenience of having the dispenser on the back of your hand for easy access , i 'd have to think it 'd just be more practical , as well as cheaper , to just use a roll of scotch tape.it 's interesting , for what it is , but i doubt i 'd buy more refills for it , once i ran dry .
= cute , but ultimately pointless , gadget
< interesting gadget

> this is not your typical heart & flowers sweet romance . it is heart-wrenching and intense and will keep you glued to each word of every page . i had a few friends recommend this to me and read the synopsis and knew i had to read it . it is a raw , in your face story about two mc clubs . at the age of five , eva visits her dad in prison and meets deuce also visiting his dad in prison . and each time through the years they meet again and again . the love between them grows . but the fight all the time , so do they fight to keep them together , no eva runs away to go back home more than once . read this for yourself , you will either love it or hate , i loved it . this is a first for me by madeline sheehan and will be reading more from her soon .
= heart-wrenching
< a must read !

> i read losing hope after reading hopeless and i did n't think i would enjoy reading this book knowing what was going to happen but seeing it from holder 's perspective was just amazing . i though hopeless had me at the first page but this one did too ! ! ! i just loved it . i read a lot of books , i mean a lot of books and have never been this emotionally into a book . i have never cry or tear up while reading but these two books made me do both . just loved it ! ! ! reading the end with les ' story was just amazing ! ! ! i really enjoyed this book and ca n't wait to read more from the author.i suggest you read hopeless first and then just go straight into losing hope.hope you enjoy this book as much as i have . these two books are def in my top 10 .
= just in awww ! !
< loved it ! ! !

> bram stoker 's classic novel `` dracula '' recounts the tale of the many people who come to interact with the terrifying count . jonathan harker , the first to encounter dracula , tells of his hair-raising experience while staying with the count as a business guest . from there , the reader is taken on a chilling ride through the count 's antics as he comes to england and wreaks havoc on the population.there is really no need to summarize this whole tale . it is certainly familiar to just about everyone . while i am a huge vampire fiction reader , it took me some time to finally get around to reading this novel . the only drawbacks of this book were some difficult language and the length . i definitely believe that this novel could have been about 100 pages shorter . it was thoroughly enjoyable , nonetheless.i highly recommend this novel to anyone ! absolutely a fantastic read !
= there 's a reason why its a classic .
< a fantastic read !

> mr. z jerky is an ok tasting beef jerky . the meat is dry , but not hard . there is a small hint of teriyaki , but the saltiness and smoke overwealms any teriyaki flavor it might have . this is a good snack to eat if you are into healthy food and would like a constant supply of protein throughout the day . however , the sodium and cholesterol content is quite high . the amount of cholesterol in a package per serving is 23 % of daily value , meaning , 1 bag contains about 92 % of your daily value of cholesterol.each serving size is 28g , and a package contains 4 servings.amount per serving : calories : 80total fat : 1gsaturated fat : 0cholesterol : 20mgsodium : 540mgcarbs : 5gsugars : 3gprotein 12g
= not too bad , but quite salty
< ok

> why fix it ? regular , plain ol ' post it notes work amazingly well . this new little pack , not so much.this was my first time using the accordian style post-its and i have to ask `` why ? '' the notes come out wrinkled , which really annoys me . the `` dispenser '' is a very flimsy , cheap little thing that make me wonder if my weak hands were going to rip it off my laptop . we wo n't even mention that it only holds 20 notes ! really , honestly , nice post-it people , i love your product and will continue to use it . but i will not be purchasing this particular incarnation . it 's very similar to putting a tutu on a pig , completely unnecessary .
= if it ai n't broke ...
< why fix it ?

> i could not figure out for the life of me why this book was receiving mostly 5 stars while i was struggling to finish the book . i could n't stand the heroin . she was perfectly willing to flush her marriage with a great husband down the drain on an idiot playboy named arsen ( yes folks , that 's his name ) . they had instant attraction that quickly became too consuming . their relationship never seemed believable to me.and then i hit the 70 % mark . and the book became amazing . intense . emotional . believable . sad . beautiful . i found where the 5 stars was located . i 'm glad i stuck with it.the first 70 % = 2 starsthe last 30 % = 5 stars
= heroin that plays with fire
< i 'm hooked

> this is probably the only romantic comedy that just happens to have zombies in it . and no , this is not a parody of zombie films . pegg and wright are big fans of george a. romero 's works , and they wanted to creataed a zombie film of their own . and what they did was give it their all . this film as black humor , suspense , gore , rock music , electronica , romance , drama , horror , and cricket paddles ! pegg and frost make a great duo as they knock out every zombie that gets in their way . everything , the music , the editing , the cinematography , everything works here . another classic in the `` living dead '' genre.grade : a
= let zombies brighten up your day !
< a classic

> these boxes rock . they are a pretty sturdy cardboard for one , and we are using them for moving . the steps are printed right on the box , they are numbered steps , you can not mess this up . the handles are easy to use , and reinforced . the really large size box is great for clothes or toys , anything heavy in here and you 'll be tempted to fill it up and eventually you wo n't be able to move the boxes.they fold down nice and easy and flat for storage . these boxes can be used quite a few times - because while we were moving we were reusing the boxes .
= super easy to put this together
< great for moving

> i like this dog food because they claim to have no added artificial preservatives and the # 1 ingredient is beef , so it appears that the dog food would be better for your dog then a lot of the ones you can get in the stores . my dog seemed to enjoy it as well . i am sceptical of all the things they put in dog food , but i have a dog that does n't tolerate `` real '' food well , so if you have to give him a dog food , this does n't seem too bad .
= seems better for your dog
< dog likes it , but not the best

> adapted from a steven millhauser story and set to a lilting score by philip glass , neil burger 's fanciful tale of love and deception in turn-of-the-century europe is an intriguing and highly entertaining art house gem with hollywood-style production values . norton is mystifying , biel is ravishing , and giamatti holds it all together with a fine performance as the inspector whose respect for eisenheim nearly outweighs his official duty . drenched in sepia tones that evoke the victorian atmosphere , `` the illusionist '' is a murderous bluff that never shows its hand -- until the final curtain .
= the illusionist
< a entertaining art house gem

> this is a nicely made usb cable . the ends are sturdy , and the cord is thick but remains highly flexible . i 'm especially fond of the length - ten feet is long enough so i can snake it around the usual bunch of desk-related obstacles ( e.g. , junk ) without the cable being pulled too tight , but not so long that the extra coil adds to the number of desk-related obstacles.i 'm using it to connect a scanner , and everything works as it should . a very mundane product , but still well done .
= good quality construction ; handy length
< sturdy , flexible , and sturdy

> this water has a slight sweet grape taste and is quite palatable . but i am doubting its effectiveness on those who ca n't sleep due to stress or tension . i 've taken a dosage on those nights i could n't get to sleep and it still took a while to finally fall asleep . then i spend the days feeling tired and the cycle repeats itself.for the price of this four-pack i 'm sure there are other things that are cheaper and more effective .
= marginally effective
< i 'm doubting its a water

> this movie is what i wanted batman to be in the 60 's ( i hated the tv series ) . too bad ledger died since he will be difficult to replace in the next installment.great special effects for harvey dent ( two-face ) ! i was sorry that michael caine 's role is diminished from the first movie as he really shines when he is on screen . look for the scarecrow 's return at the very beginning of the film .
= should not be missed !
< batman is the best

> loved it ! what a great ending to blair and rush 's story . despite the trials and tribulations they faced , love conquered all . loved the chemistry between them . rush proved to be a better man in the end . an epilogue would have been the cherry on top but still a great ending .
= absolutely perfect !
< great ending to a great series !

> first i love the main characters name freya it is unique and she sounds firey . i enjoyed this story of her and her neighbor greg the lawyer . her sister anna adds some fun into the mix . cute chick lite romantic fun story easy fast read loved it . onto close to you
= perfect for you
< cute story

> this is a beautiful film , and an glimpse of true ugliness . a kid 's story that is too scary for children . a fantasy that ultimately is talking about the need to not conform . a great film , but one that i do n't need to see again .
= painful vision of the spanish civil war
< beautiful

> works just like it should , i plugged it in and was able to use it immediately . it is just the right length and it is easy to identify the connectors . it is a good quality product .
= great product .
< works great

> i really liked this book and this series . the characters were so easy to fall in love with . loved both of the books ! i ca n't wait to read more by samantha towle .
= lovable characters
< great book !

> i love these diapers ! they have great absorbancy , no leakage , and they 're better for the environment than `` regular '' diapers . i wish they were slightly cheaper , though .
= great absorbancy .
< great diapers !

> there is n't much to say about this except it took about 5 minutes for both blades and it was done . the first rain proved it was a worthwhile investment .
= perfect fit and works well
< good investment

> i 'm so glad a bought this set of books . i read them all wanting more . ca n't wait to read maddie and sam 's story .
= what a great series
< loved it

> this is a very untraditional romance . it is also a little dark and disturbing . i think i will read the next book definitely .
= fable
< very good

> ***1/2the city of paris has never looked better - more richly-hued and elegant - than it does in `` ratatouille , '' the latest product from pixar entertainment and the umpteenth animated film featuring an anthropomorphic animal as its lead character.brad bird ` s confection brings two unlikely elements - food and rodents - together in its clever story of a rat with a passion for gourmet cooking who teams up with a newly hired `` garbage boy '' to surreptitiously whip up a whole host of savory dishes at an upscale restaurant located on the west bank of paris . `` ratatouille '' is somewhat more cerebral and considerably less frenetic than the typical pixar production , which may prove problematic for some of the younger folk in the audience . and , indeed , there are times when the pacing does tend to drag a bit even for more seasoned moviegoers like myself . still , the action scenes are palpitating in their energy and excitement , and even those jaded by the unimaginable strides made in cgi technology over the years will be properly bowled over by what the filmmakers have managed to pull off here . the sheer fluidity of movement alone in this film is draw-dropping in its impressiveness . the story is rather less compelling overall , but one has to admire bird 's willingness to keep the drama at least somewhat intimate and life-sized . the price of that subtlety , however , is that the movie is also a trifle dull in spots.the film is highly blessed with energetic voice work by the likes of patton oswalt , ian holm , lou romano , brad garrett , peter o'toole , and , above all , janeane garofalo as a high-strung , up-and-coming chef who does n't take too kindly to fresh-out-of-the-oven competitors encroaching on her territory.but it is the exquisitely designed backdrops that finally make `` ratatouille '' a thing of joy and beauty . bon appetit !
= bon appetit
< `` ratatouille ''

> johanna walker is used to dating rich me , hoping she can find someone who can help take care of her , and her brother . she 's been raising her brother for a very long time now , and she still has a lot to do to keep him safe , happy , and healthy . she 's the type of girl who does n't have a high opinion of herself , because she 's been dragged down so much by others.that is until she meets cam . they both know its an instant attraction . but he is a complete jerk to her until he moves to flat below jo 's . then things get really interesting . they start to form a friendship , and both of them share secrets they 've only ever shared with a few other people.i really enjoyed down london road . it has lots of drama , and lots of romance . i loved jo in this book . she was really awesome . i did n't really feel any kind of connection to cam , so that sort of bothered me . and i felt like he was a royal class jerk most of the book . then it got worse when blair enters the picture . i really hated that , and it made me dislike the book less because of it . but other than that it was a really good book . and i look forward to more in this series .
= london road ...
< a great read

> update : i will admit , i have been keeping my eyes open for this at the grocery stores and have not found it yet . i think back and admit i love the pulp ! if this was a larger bottle and cheaper , i would keep some in my house ! thus , i 've given it another star ; ) this is my first aloe drink . to me there are two distinct aspects to this particular drink . first , most notably the pulp . there is lots of pulp . i had some with every sip , but it was never too much pulp . it made it a fun drink for me ! also , i totally disagree with another reviewer , the pulp is not slimy . i guess that if you consider lemon pulp or orange ( fresh ) to be slimy , then you might not love this . i yhought that the pulp texture was nice . secondly , the flavor itself . that was three stars to me . not great , not bad , but not fresh or juicy..just a prefab juice flavor . lastly , this is not a big drink , not enough to enjoy for long . overall , three stars based on flavor and price value to me .
= tasty , great if you like pulp . small .
< not slimy , but not great

> i had such hope for this book , but it just fell flat for me . the first book , the secret of ella & micha was just too good . in the forever of ella & micha we really did n't get anything new . an engagement ? ? ? well there is a ring on the cover.micha i could never say anything bad about you , you are just too good to be true . ella , i used to like , but this book made me want to slap her upside the head . yes , she has problems that she needs to deal with if she hopes for any relationship in her life to succeed but thats what i felt this whole book was about . it was like a log her psychiatrist might have kept about her sessions ... .the whole book ! ! ! i hate that i did n't love this book . to me it just seems like because the first book was so good , why not right a second b/c it will be sooo much better . sorry , that thought failed.on the bright side ella & micha are on their way to a hea , however it was in the now so who knows about the future .
= not bad but ...
< fell flat for me

> the new bottle is cute ! it seems like it holds less than the can though , for a high price ? the flavor though is super yummy . i could totally drink these at every meal time . ( i had mine cold , out of the fridge . ) i sipped to be sure i got every last drop ! i ca n't say it did much in the way of appetite suppression , okay , it did a little . personally , i 'm hungry all the time ; 0 ) and want to findn something that makes me feel like i do after lasagne ! i 'm holding out for that miracle in a bottle ! but i opened myself up to the idea that i was n't starving and i can say , yep . i was n't so hungry that i was worried about food . if i thought about food , i could have eaten anything i really wanted ( hoagie , pasta , fruit ) but i was busy at work and was fine with not eating . the idea of being hungry did n't consume me . ( yes . i love food . always have . ) i hope this helps someone ! !
= great flavor , okay for appetite
< cute !

> while i think this product is more expensive than the standard roll of tape , it 's a great tape dispenser for children who have issues w/ figuring out how much tape to pull for their asundry projects . surprisingly , the suction cup beneath the dispenser worked great for all surfaces . my office counter is made w/ an uneven formica surface and the dispener stuck perfectly.however , tape is one of the least used office supplies in my office . it 's usually in a drawer until some rare task needs it , which is ... well rare . so i actually do n't like one more office product taking up real estate on my desk counter , so despite the nifty suction cup and pre-cut tape lengths -- the product ended up being in my drawer out of sight.overall , for the standard office , i can do w/o . but i would recommend the item for children because it 's safer and less of a headache than having them deal w/ trying to pull the tape themselves . it 's also nice that w/ this product , you will never loose the end of the roll and have to scrape out the tail end of the tape .
= great for kids
< good for children who have issues w/ figuring out

> benjamin asher ( aaron eckhart ) is president . mike banning ( gerard butler ) is his secret service body guard who has fallen from grace . in this film the north koreans , disguised as south koreans , take over the only bunker in the country that controls nuclear missiles with self destruct instructions ( if there is such a thing ) . just so happens the three people who know the three separate codes are there too.only bruce willis ( the younger one ) or a reasonable facsimile that looks like gerald butler , can save this country . morgan freeman plays the ineffective speaker of the house who becomes president when things go badly.plenty of action . on the film scale : better than `` red dawn '' ( new one ) . not as good as `` die hard . '' of course it is better than the recent `` die hard '' offering unless demolition derby is your thing . improbable script , but the characters and action made this formulaic film worth viewing.parental guide : f-bombs . no sex or nudity . note : on the tv channels it uses `` whitehouse '' instead of `` white house . ''
= die hard red dawn
< the best of the `` die hard ''

> i grew up using hawaiian tropic products , and i have driven by the ormond beach , fl plant many times.the scent of this sunscreen continues the hawaiian tropic tradition of the classic coconut scent -- a unique scent that many have come to equate with the beach itself.the formula goes on easily and soaks in fairly quickly , not leaving you with splotches of white.the sunscreen is only mildly greasy-feeling , and after it soaks in , the greasy feeling is gone . the sun is drying/damaging , and this formula goes one step beyond the typical sunscreen by providing some measure of hydration or moisturizing . i was pleased with the how it left my skin soft , yet protected.this stuff washes off , so if you are swimming , you 'll need to reapply . it 's probably a good idea to re-apply the product every few hours anyway , regardless of water exposure.overall - this is a good product to have if you are going to be exposed to the sun , particularly if you 'll be at the beach or by the pool .
= classic coconut scent and silky
< a unique scent , but not the best

> i really wanted to love these tea packets as i get tired of my usual water improvers like crystal light . when i first tasted this , i said `` whoa ! '' out loud because it is so strong and so sweet ( mixed as directed ) . i also was happily surprised that it reminded me of a drink i used to get in hawaii when i lived there.however , 5 sips in , it started to really get to me how sweet and heavy it was . in the end i drank 1/3 of the glass and threw the rest away . it did n't taste like honey nor did it taste like tea . the coconut passionfruit sounded delicious but ended up being too strong along with the overly sweet mixture . it reminded me of the coconut syrup they put on shaved ice at the aloha stadium swap meet.i 'm sad that something that sounded so good was a disappointment ( see other reviews for ingredient issues as well ) .
= cloyingly sweet
< sweet and sweet

> what a fantastic movie . i saw it last night and it was really magical . the story came flooding back to me from my school days and it came to life just as you 'd imagine it in your mind as you read the book . the scenery was spectacular and the kids were great actors . lucy was adorable and very believable . you must see this . it 's best on the big screen , but no matter how you see it , just see it . it will blow you away with the beautiful settings and the special effects are top notch . overall , this is a very enjoyable movie for everyone over a certain age ( i can imagine parts might be too dark or disturbing at times for kids under 10 ) , but whilst this is n't normally the genre of movie i enjoy or see often , this was a great break from my norm . it will really take you away .
= really amazing : - )
< a great movie for everyone over a certain age

> oh my goodness ! i 've been dying yo know andrews secrets . i never expected what i just read in the last chapter . wow i 'm blown away . but there is so much more to learn and i 'm dying to find out . poor aubrey is so in love with andrew . he 's obviously been terribly hurt in the past by his wife ava so he pushes aubrey away . i feel so bad for her . her parents do n't care about her happiness . all they care about is looking like the perfect family to the public . now that andrew is finally letting her into his life ava shows up and stirs up those hurt feelings in him . i can not wait for the next book . i hope we get the rest of the answers to andrews past .
= wonder story
< i 'm blown away !

> like all tide detergents , this one cleans like a charm . my clothes all got really clean looking and smelled like a walk thorugh a spring meadow . however , i am a 50-something-year-old man and i do n't necessarily want to smell like a spring meadow . when i first used this my whole house smelled good . after the clothes dried the smell went away considerably but it was still detectable . i found that if i used the & # 34 ; extra rinse & # 34 ; cycle my clothes had a clean scent , they were much more tolerable . i do n't know if i would buy this tide product again . if i had really stinky clothes or dog blankets or something like that i might , but otherwise i 'll stick with classic tide detergent .
= a little too fragrant
< cleans like a charm

> i could n't put this one down . i stayed up most of the first night trying to finish it off , until exhastion kicked in and i had to stop . it 's really a very sweet romance between a 17 year old girl , mature beyond her years , and a 100+ year old vampire , turned at the age of 17. the vampire motif is a bit twisted . the goriness of it is not brought to light , but instead romanticized . regardless , you 'll find yourself reading it not because it 's a vampire novel , but because of the sweetness of first love . i know i did . the characters are flawlessly portrayed and you ca n't help but fall in love with them yourself.i 'm looking forward to reading more from meyer .
= great first book
< a bit twisted

> it took me about two chapters to really get into this mystery , that 's my only complaint . i 'm not sure why , perhaps it was the language and the fact the protagonist was only an 11 year old girl that felt more like a 50 year old one ! once i got into the tale , however , i found myself delighted in the story and actually thought i wish i were flavia at 11 ! the mystery itself is a good one and the characters within the mansion are even better . poison , stamp collecting and some chemistry . how fun is that ? i 've already passed this book on to someone that loves mysteries with a twist . ca n't wait to see what the author does next !
= loved the mystery of this gem !
< flavia at 11 's best !

> i 've been hearing about jamba juice for a while , but stuck in the wilds of cleveland , i never had a chance to actually try it until now . pretty good stuff , this strawberry-banana . there 's a carbonated hit ( which i suspect you do n't get in the fresh versions one finds at the actual shops ) that 's somewhat off-putting , but it 's only off-putting because the strawberry and banana actually taste like strawberry and banana ( as opposed to , say , the highly artificial strawberry flavoring of faygo redpop or big red ) . also carries a rather hefty sweetness , so best enjoyed in small doses .
= not bad .
< pretty good

> all i could think of was the old movies i watched growing up and what would have happened to them if they were turned into music videos . it 's almost hard to describe without actually experiencing it . take a hit of acid and then switch channels back and forth between camille and cabaret . actually , that 's not a bad thing ! i was never bored and really enjoyed the sentiment behind the whole thing . there is a great sweetness disguised behind the lurid colors , camera work and oft told- cheesy love story . mcgregor is awesome and steals the film . what a charmer he turns out to be .
= for what it its , great fun !
< a great film

> to start with , i am much more of a coffee drinker , although my experience with wine taught me about subtly of flavor . i want to expand my liquid horizons , so i tried numi organic savory tea garden pack.the assortment is quite different from the standard `` orange zinger '' and `` earl grey '' .after trying several of the flavors , i will continue to buy this occasionally.pros : -unusual flavors for teas , often combining vegetables and spices and herbs-strong flavor-you know it exists in the cupcons : -none , if you like the unusual flavorsas some others observed , some of the flavors resemble more broth than tea .
= unusual collection of teas
< good for wine lovers

> this movie lacks the sophistication and depth from the book and the 1951 original film . yeah , spielberg did a fine job with the suspense and the visual effects looked amazing , but tom cruise and dakota fanning were badly miscast ( it was quite irritating to hear fanning just shriek and shriek and shriek ... ) . tim robbins should have played the main role instead ; he was just a wasted supporting character . overall , it 's just a decent movie.c+
= just read the h.g . wells novel
< not as good as the book

> borat does have some funny moments ( the best are actually in the outtakes ) but it is so non-pc it 's humor and targets are completely obvious and act as expected . some scenes are obviously staged , others not but after the set-ups most people will know where they are headed so the comic payoff is often diminished . worth a look if you are in the mood , but not the comic masterpiece it is touted as being .
= a bit overhyped
< not bad , but not great

> indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull starring harrison ford is a decent 4th installment of the indy series . to me ford looks exactly the same even my folks beg to differ , his performance is classic indiana , he plays a brainy goofball pretty well . cate blanchett 's thick accent is a bit much and shia labeouf shows what he 's made of as a '50s greaser . good flick , better than expected .
= a snake saved his life this time .
< indiana jones and the kingdom of the crystal skull

> i personally like the teas . i used the broccoli to steam it and it gave a flavor of a broth.the teas itself are great.but i like using it for cooking.it works the same was as a bullion cube but in a tea bag . tried the cabbage with cornbeef was not bad at all.i do not think i would just use the for tea but as something for veggies , potato , and rice .
= numinous tea
< good taste

> these training pants by seventh generation work well in containing the leaks . i love the easy on and off . unfortunately , my toddler is unable to distinguish them from regular diapers . these are too diaper like . padded underwear is working better for us . i would buy 1 pack from a store first to try out . best of luck to all the potty training moms and dads .
= works well but too diaper like
< love the training pants

> i love this new solution to making wonderful unsweet tea . my family drinks tea at lunch and at dinner . so , consequently , i was forever running out . now ... .no problem . pop one k-cup in my keurig with a plastic glass full of ice cubes and ... voila ! ... a wonderful glass of ice tea in less than 30 seconds .
= one great product
< great for unsweet tea

> these are great for using as shipping labels and for labeling folders , jewel cases , and other documents . they print diretly from my laser printer . my only drawback is having to print an entire sheet at one time , which is great , unless you only need one ... now i do n't have to steal office supplies from work anymore !
= good product !
< great for shipping labels

> baby loves the taste , and so do i ! it 's not overly sweet like some dessert baby foods can be ; you can taste the veggies , which seems like a good way to associate them from an early age . the ingredients are wholesome , organic , and do n't have anything artificial . this is a great product !
= great ingredients and taste !
< baby loves the taste , and so do i love them !

> this book was written even more amazing to the first book . you got more into more of the characters lives . which was awesome . thanks for writing the second book in this series just as amazing as the first book . i enjoyed reading this book too . ca n't wait until january for the third book..
= i absolutely love this book series .
< amazing

> am thrilled by drew and fables hea . they deserve to be happy . am also pleased it did not take long for it to happen . why 4 stars ? this story could have been told in one book , sparing us another cliff hanger and spending money we could barely afford !
= at last ...
< great read !

> omg this book is fantastic ! ! ! ! ! you have got yo read it . there is nothing , and i do mean nothing , yummier than asher in this book . you guys will love it , trust me ! ! ; ) great job aurora you r fantastic .
= kathy
< omg ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> these address labels worked nicely in my hp all-in-one printer and they are easy to peel and stick well . they are compatible with avery 5163 labels ( which is good to know since 3m is not listed in the options in word ) .
= excellent labels
< works well

> i absolutely loved this book . i have had this book in my wish list for months and finally got it and read it , and i am so glad that i did because i thoroughly enjoyed it .
= loved it , it 's amazing ! ! ! ! !
< loved it

> i like mio 's peach , but the mango peach is even better ! a single container lasted me a full week while on vacation , and i drink a lot of tea . the convenience is oustanding !
= delicious ! ! ! !
< great !

> i was trying to out off reading this book because every time i read one of colleens books i cry and laugh and think about it for days later ... it happened again !
= maybe someday
< loved it !

> so somewhat to my surprise , it turns out that , in general , i actually like james bond films . this comes as something a shock to me , because normally i tend to prefer more highbrow cinema . but there 's something about bond ... when the bond movies are at their best ( goldfinger , licence to kill , on her majesty 's secret service - 2-disc ultimate edition , thunderball ) , they are among the best films ever made . roger ebert even put `` goldfinger '' on his list of great films . when they 're bad , however , they can really stink up the joint.moonrakeranyone ? yeah , i thought not.given the way the franchise had been leaning in the last few films ( invisible car , anyone ? ) , rebooting it was , perhaps , the only really course of action . thank goodness when they rebooted it , they did a great job ! this is a very good film . excellent action sequences , a tight plot , good acting and beautiful scenery ( even though it was n't filmed in montenegro , which is a pity ) . the villain , while certainly unpleasant and weird , is n't nearly as unrealistic as some of the other bond bad guys , and his plans are much more interesting than , say , world domination.daniel craig makes for an excellent bond . i would say , just on this one movie , that he is , thus far , almost as good , if not actually as good , as connery . he 's got great intensity , a good sense of timing and , well , frankly , he is bond.i very much look forward to the next bond film and in the meantime highly recommend this one .
= of human bondage
< the best bond ever made

> i listened to the entire unabridged audiobook read by the author . i felt the india section ( pray ) was the most moving and insightful and taught the most . the author is so self-centered at times i wanted to toss the book aside . the reader gets the sense gilbert does n't want children because she 'd have to focus on them not herself , and this seems to be a problem . it 's somewhat pathetic the way she wallows over her divorce - which she wanted and asked for . it was n't enough for her to have a huge house and everything she ever wanted ( which she mentions again and again ) . but my main complaints with this book are:1 ) she is a writer/journalist who received a $ 200k advance to travel for a year and write a product , this book , - talk about contrived,2 ) get busy , millions of women go through divorce every day.3 ) she thinks too much , talk about a `` busy '' mind ... ,4 ) she seems adhd and ca n't ever seem to stick with anything.5 ) her relationships felt shallow , temporary and self-serving . she does n't even share a goodbye to katut at the end of her book . instead the ending is all about her proclaimed `` brazillian lover '' , and a flashback to her trip to the same romantic island years before . oh brother.i can not give a good review . i think everything she learned in india is lost on her divorced/journalist/mercenary soul . i purchased the book thinking it was a travelogue journey of self-discovery , but it did n't end up that way in the end .
= wallowing
< a travelogue journey of self-discovery , but a bit too much

> this review is for the joe 's caramel creme variety of this martinson k-cup coffee.first things first : i do n't drink my coffee black . i use a sweetener of some kind ( usually the pink packet stuff ) , and i use a powdered creamer . i also do not like coffee that tastes like it 's been burnt beyond recognition . no `` dark roast '' for me -- give me a nice medium roast , smooth and mellow . no , i 'm not a `` coffee connoisseur '' -- i know what i like , and that 's what i drink.that said , i did taste this `` black '' as well as with my normal additives . in both cases , i was quite happy with the taste of this coffee . it has a smooth coffee flavor , medium body , not overly assertive , but definitely `` there . `` even better , however , was the caramel flavor . i 've tried just about every `` caramel '' -flavor coffee on the market , including some grind-your-own-and-use-a-reusable-k-cup types . this has the best caramel flavor of any i 've tried . it has a smooth richness to it ( probably from whatever they add to make it `` creme '' ) , and a buttery goodness from the caramel.obviously , coffee preferences are an individual thing , so your mileage may vary.bottom line : i 'm sold , and will be purchasing this in the future . my search for the perfect caramel coffee is over .
= the best of the caramel-flavored coffees i 've tried ...
< a buttery coffee

> i had a blast . this was a romance novel with more than one twist thrown in.becca merritt is searching for her brother . she has no idea where he is , or if he 's even in trouble , all she has is a cryptic message telling her to go to hard ink tattoo.nick rixey is hard at work just trying to get his life back . the unfairly disgraced special forces soldier is trying to decide what to do with his life , when becca walks into his shop she offers him a chance to forge ahead.this is a series , with book two coming out in march 2014 , and i 'm assuming we met the guys that will comprise the other books . what i really like is that author laura kaye left everyone 's story up in the air . sounds weird i know , but i get the feeling book two is n't just going to be someone else 's story with becca and nick playing supporting roles . from this book , it seems like kaye is setting up an actual series , one in which we will get to see everyone interacting.hard as it gets does a good job of setting up the story . we get to meet everyone , we get to know nick and becca , and we have some idea of where the story might be heading , but there are a lot of unanswered questions.and i 'm eagerly awaiting the answers .
= so much fun !
< a romance novel with a twist

> argo is a competent little film that 's definitely enjoyable in a fluffy way as a tv movie . the premise is ludicrous but factual so everything that 's a stretch is backed by the `` it really happened '' tagline though much of what 's in the film probably did n't really happen . it 's got a great cast of talented folk most of whom do very little throughout the movie.the big disappointment here is that it 's just not an oscar-winning , great film . the good performances from arkin and goodman are brief and then gone . the main characters have no presence or depth in any way whatsoever , especially ben affleck who is almost invisible in the whole file . and there 's no effective tension beyond the first act , to the point where & lt ; spoilers > the final scene is reminiscent of any generic 80s film where bad guys chase the heroes onto a plane & lt ; /spoilers > .it 's a shame since the premise is intriguing . but it starts with a lecturing 2-minute voiceover about how the us/uk screwed over iran and does n't really get much of a unique narrative beyond that . it 's relatively entertaining but , fundamentally , i 'd never watch it again because it has nothing that would make you interested the second time around ( compared with great oscar winners/contenders such as goodfellas or schindler 's list ) .
= entertaining as a tv movie - but an oscar winner ?
< a competent little film

> i 'm a fan of oxo good grips products and own quite a few - pizza wheel , spatulas , colander , cleaning brush set , salt grinder , and broom and dustpan . i like that oxo 's products are sturdy and well made , and designed with the cook in mind.these cups are exactly what i needed in my kitchen . i 've used plastic measuring cups and have also had a set or two of the cheap metal ones over the years . the plastic ones have melted or cracked , and i worried about plastic chemicals leaching into our food . the metal ones separate from their riveted handles and could n't be repaired.evidently there was a problem in the past with these oxo measuring cups having weak handles , but they 've been re-designed and the set i received are very well made . they are sleek , heavy , brushed stainless steel for a lifetime of use . the handles are coated in a non-slip rubber that has the measurement stamped into it . the cup and handle are one piece and it would take a lot of effort to bend the handle.i am happy to recommend these oxo good grips measuring cups , and i look forward to using them ( and my other oxo products ! ) for years .
= newly designed sturdy handles , great oxo quality
< great for pizza !

> a great deal is made about the fact that ms. lee only wrote this one book , but when you write a classic how do you follow it ? plus it has always added to her mystique , also she saw up close and personal how in cold blood destroyed truman capote . she just went back to the small town she grew up in and has live a long and seemingly peaceful life . the word classic is thrown around alot these days , but if the case of this book it fits . her writing style propels the book and the content resonates off the page . it 's really a story of a decent man defending a decent man , and in the process teaching his children what being a role model is all about . as you read the text , you get the feeling ms. lee knows these people quite well , even she admits one of the characters is lose take on her childhood friend truman . i recommend this book to anyone who loves to read , it 's a must read for the centuries .
= harper lee 's masterpiece
< a must read

> these labels are essentially a post-it note without the flap that lacks adhesive . they are great for situations where you want to change labels on a regular basis , but possibly not strong enough for very long-term labeling ( like boxes you put in the attic and leave for a decade or so ) . the main benefit of these over traditional labels is that they do n't leave behind a sticky residue when pulled off ( and are easier to remove in their entirety without leaving part of the label behind ) .i 'd recommend these to anyone who rotates seasonal clothes or other items in and out of storage bins or for someone who wants to put price or identifying stickers on items and remove those labels without leaving behind a trace of gummy glue . if you 've ever used a post-it to temporarily label something but found that it gets caught on things or falls off , these would be a better solution .
= great for short-term storage
< great for seasonal clothes

> i almost found it not long enough ... meaning i could have taken a extra hour of it..i wont go in details as hundreds of reviewers will probably tell it ... but whati can surely say that if you like jumping off cliffs into lakes , or skydiving oranything related you should enjoy this movie a bit more than others cause we havemultiple 3d scenes that the camera follows dragon riders off the moutains cliffsand one can 'feel ' the motion of the fall making it even more fun for the viewer.weve seen the storyline in other movies , but movie explores it in 3d and its lotsof fun . actors and actresses are pretty decent and im very happy that they included sigourney weaver in this one . man she gave us so much with the alien franchise that it was great to see her again.watching the movie without the 3d , it became just a movie ... interesting butits life was the 3d effects .
= quite a ride in real 3d ! ..but without 3d ... not as good ...
< a fun movie

> while this is n't my favorite of coben 's stand-alone novels , it is still heads above most other thrillers out there . kind of a backhanded compliment , i know , but there are really other coben books out there that i liked more , such asgone for goodortell no one . i like coben 's stand-alone books more than his myron bolitar series but that 's just personal preference.jake fisher is a political science professor at a small , private massachusetts college , trying to get over the girl that got away - six years ago . then he reads an obituary that changes everything.in `` six years , '' the author does what he does best - leading the reader on a twisty , dark path past many surprise turnouts , finally ending up at a surprise destination . and i enjoyed the journey.this was a fast-paced thriller like coben does best with a well-developed protagonist and a likeable cast of supporting characters .
= what would you do to find the woman you love ?
< coben 's best

> most energy drinks do n't live up to the buzz . they taste awful and the energy boost neverequals the hype . so it was with some trepidation that i tried no fear super energy supplement . one large can contains two servings so i split it with a friend . he thought it tasted like a strong strawberry soda but did n't notice any energy boost . i would describe the flavor as a grapefruit.it was pretty good , excellent for an energy drink with only a slight and short lasting metallic afertaste . i too noticed no discernable difference in my energy . i am a heavy coffee drinker however my friend does not imbibe so i ca n't attribute the lack of effect to caffeine resistance.. so if you are looking for a change of pace flavorwise , this might satisfy . however , if you are seeking a shot of energy , stick with coffee or coke .
= tastes better than most energy drinks
< not bad , but not a good taste

> someone is killing newlywed couples and inspector lindsay boxer is determined to get to the bottom of the mystery . teamed with a new partner , chris raleigh , who seems to bring out ambivalent feelings in her , lindsay pursues the case with passion and expertise , despite some serious warnings about a health problem from her doctor . she decides that different perspectives are needed on this difficult case , so one by one she invites women with different kinds of expertise to join her in the investigation . clues begin to fall into place until the killer is revealed to the women . this is an interesting book with enough intrigue to keep the reader guessing , and reading . my only objections are that so many things in the plot seem contrived and patterson uses a few too many twists to keep things believable . nevertheless , it 's a good read .
= debut of the women 's murder club
< interesting read

> this is an exciting page turner..dan brown has a way of mixing in suspense , intrigue and keeps you in the story..controversial ? never understood all the controversy..it 's fiction , folks ! dan brown has taken some real facts and twisted and connected all the dots..it 's never really challenged my catholic beliefs..some of what he suggests could possilby be true..even if it is it never questioned or challenged my faith..my faith rests in the belief of one god and the truth of what jesus tried to teach us not church dogma..the man is trying to sell books ! what better way to do it..i found it an excellent quick read..but alot like a hollywood movie that you enjoy so much when you are in the theatre but as soon as you walk outside your mind wanders off to something else..
= exciting page turner..
< the truth of the truth

> dove men + care post shave balm is a cool , creamy , soothing after shave lotion that is quick to absorb and it leaves my skin feeling soothed , with a light clinical , but pleasantly masculine scent.hours into the day , if i rub my hands on my face , i feel the presence of a light soapy dove residue , or so it feels to my fingertips . this is more of a moisture-rich residue , and not at all a dry unwelcome surface . this has been typical of many of the lotion-based after shaves that i use.i prefer the clean bite of a non-creamy after shave splash ; however , when soothing relief is priority just after a close shave , dove men + care post shave balm does a fine job . i like it .
= soothing post-shave
< cool , creamy , soothing after shave

> i love animated films and monster inc. is no exception . it 's got great animation , characters and a well thought out story , but it might be a little too intense for the youngest viewers . classic monster buffs will catch lots of winks and nods to the days of yesteryear in this irresistible and funny film . it might do your young children good to see this with an adult to help them get over 'the monsters in the closet ' syndrome most kids have at a young age . the two disc set has a beautiful dvd transfer and lots of extras .
= for monsters only ! a classic monster story !
< great animation , great animation , great animation , great animation

> we 've been very happy with these bones . my dog eagerly eats them . they seem to have made a noticeable difference in her breath after a few weeks of use . she is only about a year old so im not sure if an older dog would have such good results . i will definitely continue using these . my dog loves the flavor and there is no odor or residue left behind after she chews them unlike a lot of other brands i 've tried . i do wish they lasted a little longer but overall i 'm very pleased with them .
= love them ( and my dog does too )
< my dog loves them

> marley one love organic coffee comes in pods , though i was also able to use them in a refillable keurig-style pod for a k-cup coffeemaker . i am definitely not fond of bitter coffee or of coffee that tastes burned , so this coffee was a delightful surprise . the aroma is quite pleasing , with notes that are almost fruity on top of the basic coffee scent , and the flavor works well on its own or sweetened and lightened to taste . i was raised on community coffee , and this is the first brew that might tempt me to switch .
= a fragrant coffee free of bitterness and burned flavor
< a delightful surprise

> `` the rosie project '' might more accurately be called `` the tillman project '' as it is the nerdy prof. don tillman who gets the makeover in this sweet and funny love story . i am married to a slightly nerdy man and caught more than one glimpse of him in don tillman . the writer has fleshed don out in a way that makes you like him despite his many social inadequacies . i had a blast reading the book and will certainly look for more by this author in the future .
= fun and funny love story that is quick to read
< sweet and funny

> i love this drink . squeeze a bit into water , lemonade , or club soda . this tastes great . i found it to have a fruit taste a little sweet , and the best part you do not have to use a lot . i found it out to be better then the mio . fits in my bag , no more pricey drinks at stores no more . a few drops and i have a refreshing drink . everyone in my family really enjoyed it as well .
= great tasting
< great drink

> as an adult man , i have to say that this is not the world 's greatest product . it is very sweet and has a strange chemical taste . on the other hand , i am a high school teacher and i let my students try it . they loved it and wanted more . that 's why i 'm giving mio liquid peach tea 3 stars . 1 from me + 5 from my students =3 . a great idea but only a so-so execution .
= a little goes a long way
< not the world 's greatest

> i loved this book , i love colt and chey and bev . this story is tragic , beautiful , sad , happy , moody , caring and precious . it is an amazing story . it is way more than a typical love story . it is so well written and he character base is flawless . it was my first by this author , though not my last that 's for sure . one of my favourite books of the year !
= wonderful journey
< amazing !

> lilly and cash had something great long ago before jules got pregnant and threatened to end the pregnancy if cash did n't do as she said . cash did what he thought was the right thing and broke things off with lilly to do right by hos son , jax . that was the 4 years ago ... .now we find out the real story what has happened and he to see lilly and cash fall in love again .
= lilly and cash ' s story
< cash and cash

> this little guy is very easy to set up ; you just plug it in and it goes . it takes about 30 seconds after the computer boots to find the internet , but it 's been working smoothly with no issues for well over a month now . you just plug it into one of the usb slots and you have internet ! the internet is smooth and fast as well . highly recommend !
= works perfectly , easy to set up
< great for the price !

> i am enjoying this series and this book just adds to it . i can not believe last book i hate javier this one i think he is misunderstood . the triangle these people are in is just so complicated that it astounds me . but that is just a side plot the main issue is whether ellie is still going after travis . i can not wait to find out ! !
= more greatness
< great series !

> being a graduate of univ of south carolina , i felt i had to see this movie . however , i am not a stanley kubrick fan and thusly i did not like this movie - at all . in fact it put me to sleep . while i am sure it is classic kubrick i did not find this movie entertaining and would not suggest it to anyone .
= wished i 'd never saw it
< not a stanley kubrick movie

> i must admit that i just saw savory tea written on the box . i was very surprised to see veggie flavors . i 've tried them all , they all smell bad and taste gross . i could only take 1 sip , spit up and eat something fast to kill the taste.i will stick to fruit tea which i usually drink and my fav regular black tea .
= gross .
< i just saw them all

> i absolutely fell in love with tarn she was an unbelievable heroine . i could n't help but hope she had a hea . her wit and intelligence brought on with the encouragement of trey worked wonders for this story . the plot was intriguing and not unbelievable . i totally feel that tarn made this story .
= funny and sarcastic equals amazing
< i loved it !

> i loved the book . a great read . strong alpha male . good story . lots of ups and downs . very emotional i love the friendships . i highly recommend this book . in fact i can not wait to read about all the corps security guys . looking forward to read beck 's story
= great series
< great read

> we have recently had heavy rains and flooding , and our area has been declared a state of disaster by our governor . if you have to drive in heavy rain , having good wiper blades is a must for safety reasons . this wiper blade did a great job and left no streaks .
= it does the job !
< works well

> i breezed through this book and i absolutely loved it . i love brooke and remy and i ca n't wait for more . i also love pete and riley ... one of the best books i 've read lately .
= great book
< loved it !

> i loved this book ! i loved everything about it- the writing , the characters and how the author tied in the bee 's to everything . sheer magic ! i could n't put the book down .
= loved it !
< loved it !

> not much for words but very entertaining , enjoyable with great action also ca n't forget the humor.. think they did a good job well done
= :0 ) enjoyable
< great action

> i had this book on my price drop watchlist , and as soon as it went down to $ 9.99 , i snatched it up . then i read the reviews again . where did all these 1-stars come from . with a bit of trepidation , i started reading.ok , this book has a leisurely pace . there are bits of action surrounded by huge swaths of character development , history , and description . there is romance , but of the passionate , romantic , not overly naughty variety versus the passionate , bodice ripping , down 'n ' dirty variety . ( thank you ms . harkness ! ! ) these characters truly love each other and do n't waste time with the whole should-i-trust-him , what-if-she-this , what-if-he-that , etc that turned me off of romances in the first place . two strong willed characters can be attracted to each other without fighting the entire time . ( again , thank you ms . harkness ! ! ) hey , if this is true love and meant to be , then just get along already ! one other thing i truly appreciate about this book is that it 's intelligent ! i do n't mind mindless action once in a while , but this story weaves together the supernatural ( witches , daemons , vampires ) with science and dna and actual reasons why this supernatural stuff can exist in a world alongside physics . the world building was extremely well thought out.so , if you like your pacing light speed , your action explosive , and your romance explicit , then maybe this story wo n't work for you . if you want a well thought out story with fully fleshed out characters and an intriguing ( albeit leisurely paced ) plot , then you should give this a try . i only gave 4 stars because the pacing really was a little slow in parts - it worked most of the time for me because there were character development reasons for some of the slower bits , but still ... i 'm really looking forward to the sequel !
= fun discovery
< a intelligent , romantic , romantic read

> `` room '' the new novel by emma donoghue , is , in a word , riveting . i 've never read anything quite like it . there is a part near the middle where i absolutely could n't , would n't stop reading , it was that intense . it 's a pleasure to give this unique novel a five-star rating.the story is told by 5 year old jack , who is one of the most adorable , horrifying , precocious , interesting , pathetic and heartbreaking child narrators i 've ever read . to see the world , even one as skewed and unreliable as jack 's , is to have one 's eyes opened in a new way . jacks discovery of the world awakens our own understanding.jack and his `` ma '' live in room . most of the things in the room have their noun for their names . for example , the chair is chair and the bed is bed . in room there is wardrobe where jack sleeps when `` old nick '' visits ma at night . i 'm guessing that donoghue got some of her ideas from several recent true abduction cases and built this fascinating and horrific scenario from them.the sense of dread builds exponentially as jack reports on his daily life in room . the reader , who is smarter than a 5 year old , begins to understand the gravity of the situation . the suspense builds beautifully and the pages keep turning . donoghue masterfully creates a sense of horrible dread as well as any vintage stephen king ! she also builds a story of familial love and support that alternately both breaks and warms the reader 's heart . when the scene shifts , what happens `` after '' is as interesting , suspenseful and touching as what happened in room.i 'm intentionally leaving out as many plot points as i can because part of the enjoyment of this story is wondering what will happen next to jack and ma.i highly recommend this unique novel .
= highly recommend !
< a unique novel

> john carter ( taylor kitsch ) is an ex-military hero for the south during the civil war . the indians do n't like him , the union forces want him to fight the indians or else and he is being forced into another conflict that he wants to avoid at all cost . forced to save a union colonel from the indians and hide in a cave , he finds the gold mine that he has been looking for . suddenly he is attacked from behind by a strange looking man with an advanced weapon and he is forced to fight . he kills the man and picks up a glowing medallion and is instantaneously transferred to mars ... .this is a disney sci-fi movie and i thought it was excellent . the storyline is well done and the special effects are outstanding . aliens , monsters and a war on mars bring john carter into the battle of his life whether he wants to get involved or not . the real reason he gets involved is the beautiful princess of mars ( lynn collins ) that he is attracted to.i did not know what to expect when this dvd came out because of all the bad reviews from the professional critics . do n't believe them and get this movie and judge it for yourself . my wife and i loved it and thought that it was a great movie . based on the edgar rice burroughs books the script has been changed somewhat but it is still a masterpiece . disney does its usual fantastic job with the filming and special effects . the movie is nonstop action and adventure and you will lose yourself in the story and characters.watch this movie and you will enjoy it . it is rated pg 13 but your kids will like it a lot . it is top notch entertainment !
= much better movie than the critics are saying it is !
< `` i loved it ! ''

> as i sit here writing my 700th amazon review , i am struck by the sheer number of movies i have watched and reviewed on this site . remarkably , however , i somehow missed this incredible piece of film-making until now.for a basic plot summary , `` memento '' tells the story of an amnesiac who can not remember short-term events . he knows who is and basic tenants of his life , but the day-to-day details reset from time to time . thus , this film is devoted to him trying to avenge his wife 's killing and putting together the pieces of his confusing identity.there is not other way to describe this movie apart from saying there are few like it . the closest comparison would be to `` eternal sunshine of the spotless mind '' , but `` memento '' is better at that game . the story is told in such a unique fashion that it will keep you guessing ( but in a good way ) until the very end . the acting is also solid and makes you truly care about the 2-3 core characters.perhaps the greatest compliment i can give this film , however , is that it accomplishes the feat of bending the mind yet ultimately creating a remarkably cohesive overall story . i was taken on a psychological adventure and given an ending worthy of the journey . you wo n't be left hanging , that is for sure.thus , `` memento '' is now firmly ensconced on my `` top films '' list . there 's nothing it fails at , while succeeding at so many other things . if you ( like me ) have waited this long to view this gem , it 's time .
= almost defies explanation
< a gem for the `` top ''

> what interested me about this screen protector was the claim that it goes on without bubbles . bubbles are the bane of applying screen protectors , and outside of stubbed toes , a bad sports play/call , or other drivers are probably the single greatest motive for cursing in the modern world . ok , make that the 4th greatest motive for cursing in the modern world ... or at least in my world.i applied this to a 2nd generation 7 '' kindle fire . it is too large for the 1st generation fire unless you are brave enough to trim it down first.in short , their claim of `` air bubble free '' installation is absolutely true . i dusted the fire 's screen , peeled the backing off of this , lined it up with the camera hole , and laid it right down . no bubbles , and no tedious wrangling to get the placement just right.in fact , i wound up with a speck under it about 1/3rd of the way from the top . taking most screen protectors back up to fix this issue ruins them . i lifted this back up , brushed off the spec with the microfiber cloth , and laid it back down . it was perfect.some reviewers noted a `` rainbow-like sheen '' as a major complaint . i did notice this sheen in a couple of isolated spots . i could only see it on black backgrounds , such as you have with menus . when i used the kindle reader or played a game or video , that sheen was not visible to me.note : several weeks later i 'm not noticing the sheen whatsoever.whoever designed this thing should be nominated for sainthood.15 stars .
= get this one !
< goes on without bubbles

> i must say i was skeptical that these could get old stains out but they worked . for example , i had stained my comforter cover with mineral make-up and stain sticks and frequent washing did not get the stain out . i used one of these and after nearly 5 months of looking at that stain it was gone . also , for whatever reason we will wash our son 's shirts and they appear to be stainless but they come out of the dryer with what looks like oily spots on them . i typically treat them with a stain stick and re-wash them . this means i am washing nearly half of their shirts twice . now that we have started adding these , the shirts are coming clean the first time ! one thing i should point out is that you just drop them in as they are . my husband was complaining about how hard they were to open so he did n't like using them ... i had to explain that the outer skin dissolves in the wash. he felt like a complete dope ( no arguments here ) but he sure likes them better now ! the bag is a ziplock type bag and the packs have a nice fresh smell . here comes my one gripe ... .why do i have to purchase multiple products to get our clothes clean ? should n't laundry detergent do the full job on it 's own ? but the fact of the matter is that laundry detergent seems to be lacking these days , so i really need this product to complete the job , and the good news is that it works .
= really works
< works well , but it works .

> this story is not complete in and of itself . it is n't a `` who 's going to die ? '' kind of cliffhanger , but it definitely leaves the reader hanging . while i liked the character of peaches and her down to earth personality and very real vulnerabilities about not being a size 2 , i felt that the author resorted too often to crude and vulgar language for her . she 's supposed to be a very intelligent and funny person , but the dialogue is lacking in these qualities and more often than not , devolves into profanity and talk about sex or made up names for `` girlie parts '' . as for the character of dalton , i found i had a hard time believing in his genuine interest in peaches . perhaps this was deliberately done as part of the story , but i never could warm to him , no matter how gorgeous he might have been.there are 2 more installments in this story and i 'm on the fence as to whether i care enough about these characters to find out what happens to them or if i 'd rather not waste my money . there is a lot of graphic sexual content in this story along with profanity.heat factor hot .
= interesting beginning of a trilogy
< not complete in peaches

> 28 days later is the brain child of director danny boyle , who has might quite a name for himself over the last few years . it is also another post apocalyptic film that plays into people 's fear of the end of the world . most of these movies suck , but boyle knew this and made sure his movie did n't . 28 days later follows the life of a survivor ( cillian murphy ) who wakes up in an empty hospital after an accident . he has no idea what 's going on , but soon learns the horrible truth . boyle decide to film the movie as if he were following this stranger from a distance , with an outdated camcorder . it gives the movie a grainy , dark , 70 's style and fits right into the story . cillian murphy is great in his first leading role and you can see why he 's now a name in hollywood . overall , it 's pretty bloody and predictable , but defiantly not your typical end of the world film . the acting is top notch and the way it was filmed and directed make it something special .
= the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ]
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> uncaged is cage and melissa 's story of her pregnancy with their twin girls , lillian and lyndsie . cage is in full force with his alpha protectiveness and his lust for his wife 's curvier body . there was plenty of steam in this novella . there was one part that had me rolling my eyes at the impossibility . you 'll know it when you read it . i also thought the `` my beauty , my beast '' endearments were corny *ducks head to dodge flying shoes*.there were also plenty of scenes with the rest of the gang and some humor ... maddox locke vs. flappy birds was hilarious ! but most of all this book had tragedy and suspense and hope and relief . this book had a predictable storyline . i would have given it three stars but sloan managed to make me cry . i felt a range of emotions and that is no easy feat in a novella.the scenes from cohen 's pov were adorable and the last scene gave me hope that the series will continue even after all the guys ' stories are told . well done !
= tender and heartmelting
< another great book from cohen 's story

> i love these movies . i saw them when the opened in the theater . and am happy that this set is a widescreen release . these are a must see . i enjoyed the bonus features . enhanced graphics and sound editing was done to clean up and extend the movies.now the reason i gave the movies a 4 star instead of 5. the box says star wars trilogy . i thought i was buying them as they were released in the theater . do not get me wrong , these are good movies . but it is not what i thought i was buying . these go beyond just the added scenes mr. lucas added in the earlier extended versions he released . he has actually created new scenes that never existed and added them . as well as re-wrote some dialogue . yes i may sound like a purest , but i am not . i just think that the set should have been marked appropriately . now that you know , you can make an informed decision on whether or not to purchase . but you must see these regardless .
= great set
< great set for the widescreen release

> iron man 3 was completely underwhelming.i guess the writers wanted to have more of tony stark outside the box , as it were , but it was too much of it . this resulted in much less spectacle than i was expecting.to have him challenge the mandarin without having any defense systems in place ? completely silly . we create our own demons ? looking back at the last film , the avengers , this does n't make any sense . spoiler alert : destroying his toys at the end ? completely nave . is the world now free of other threats ? there was one cool idea : the flying iron man parts . this gave us one really touch scene when he uses this capability to protect pepper.but the middle third of the movie just seemed tedious and drawn out . there was a lot of action at the end , but it was all happening so fast that it was hard to appreciate what was going on , what with multiple iron men flying about.a disaster . rental only !
= a disaster
< iron man 3

> do n't get me wrong , i did like american beauty , but sometimes it was about as subtle as kelsey grammar by season 5 of frasier . it was smart , well intended , yadda yadda yadda - but it also just seemed so & quot ; obvious & quot ; at times that i could n't jump on that masterpiece band wagon . then i saw fight club - a love it or hate it film for sure , but i was blown away . to me it conveyed a very similar message with more creativity , more mystery and more raw energy than american beauty could even imagine . i 'm no brad pitt fan , but he was fine here . norton - who lately is taking some missteps - was excellent and hbc was brilliantly freaky and vulnerable at the same time . got ta love that valley of the dolls reference when she walks out of the house ! violent , yes . weird , sometimes . but vivid and amazing .
= the real american beauty
< a great message , but ...

> overall , this is a nice sandwich bag ( or veggie bag , cookie bag , etc . ) it is generally well-made , holds a decent amount , and is easy to wash. it does take some time to dry , so it 's best washed at night so it will be dry by morning.my quibble , and the reason for a loss of a star , is the zipper . it can be a bit fussy to zip up when it 's packed full . while the zipper has worked well for me so far , something a bit sturdier would have been nice - the zipper construction is not as solid feeling as i would have liked it to be.but overall , a nice product to avoid having to use plastic bags ( not only for the waste , but also to avoid bag breaks ) . recommended .
= handy to use ; easy to wash ; zipper can be iffy
< nice sandwich bag

> very different storyline but so enjoyable ! i thought the idea of the young teenage boy and his older tutor getting stuck on a desert island would be a little creepy , relationship-wise , but the writing was done so well it was n't like that at all ! the story covering the years they 're stuck together and how they cope plus how they finally end up getting into a physical relationship was wonderful ! the characters were so believable it was almost like i was there . after they 're rescued and go back to their normal lives i was almost afraid to continue reading because i did n't want them to break up but the ending was better than i could have hoped for . i never read books more than once but i loved this so much i 'll definitely read it again !
= wow !
< very different storyline

> i really wanted to like this story but it 's kind of hard when blatant mistakes like when the character would shake her head but the author means nod ! this happens constantly throughout the book and the ending was too perfect and wrapped up . spoiler alert ** as much as i do n't like it when the main character is killed off , i felt that perhaps the author should have in this case . writing the first half of the book in ellery tone and then second half in connor point of view . then years after elle 's death he explains the gift she gave him , of opening up his heart to love again , where perhaps he is married with children . i did n't enjoy this book , too far fetched !
= almost !
< not what i expected

> new dove advanced care white stick deodorants with nutrium moisture glide on smooth and easy and look clear leaving no white residue . they come in many different protection formulas , so there is a scent for everyone.nourished beauty smells light floral slightly sweet scent , that i prefer.go fresh cool essentials is a light really great cucumber scent , but made me itch.shea butter is the traditional shea butter scent.revive has photo of pomegranate and has a light fruity scent that reminds me of apple pie.skin renew is supposed to restore skin to it 's natural tone is sweet smelling , and reminds me of combination of honey suckle , powder and something else like light musk . my sons says it smells like sunshine to him .
= dove 48 hour deodorant with nourishing skin formulas .
< great cucumber scent , but made me itch.shea

> well , i must admit that it did take me more than an instant to move some the data from my pc to this external hard drive , but it was n't much more than a couple of minutes as i could n't believe it could be so easy that i kept thinking i was forgetting to do something ! i 'd been wondering how i was going to keep everything i wanted to keep on my computer 's hard drive and this was the absolute best solution . it was so very , very easy to install with the included cable right in the box and i 'm recommending it to all of my friends who are faced with what was my dilemna . fine product .
= storage for my dvds in an instant
< very easy to install

> i knew i loved the mighty storm and was afraid of what was to come in wethering the storm and thought it would not be as good . well , i was wrong ... .wethering the storm was even better that mighty ... i just absolutley loved these characters and highly recommend both books to anyone who loves hot guys , hot girls and some suspense and really really hot lovin and some pretty steamy scenes ... ..the story held me captive for 4 days ( i did have some obligations in between my reading ) while i read both books , but what a great few days it was ... .great ! ! !
= even better than mighty storm ...
< i loved this book ! ! !

> there is n't much that i can say about these new super sticky but removable color coded labels other than that they live up to the post-it brand name . you get 450 labels in four different colors - pink , blue , yellow and limeade . you can put these labels in your printer , go to the companys website - [ ... ] and find the templates for the labels and just print away . these labels stick well but when and if you want to remove them , they pull right off without damage to file folders , paper , plastic bins etc.another winning product by post-it brand !
= post-it brand comes up with another winning product
< great labels !

> illy coffee beans make amazing , if very expensive , coffee . i purchased a bag before as a special treat . it seems almost wrong to put it in a can , but the flavor profile does hold up overall . this is primarily because unlike other canned drinks , this coffee is not super sweet or filled with strange ingredients . it has a little sugar , milk , and cocoa , none of which overpower the coffee , but instead balance it.if you are a fan of iced coffee with sugar and cream , you will likely enjoy this brand . it is more coffee than dessert .
= milk and cocoa bliss
< not bad , but not great

> taken 2 is an excellent action and suspense drama to a degree . liam neeson , brilliant as always , gives a very riveting and convincing performance . he is that eternal man on the edge . he is a man who does not give up and drives harder the more the odds are against him . the action is brilliant and makes up for a script that should have been bolstered up and tightened up . non-the less , this film is high-octane entertainment though it should have run longer and bolstered the depth of the central characters . the film has a good idea , but falls short .
= liam neeson is brilliant as always but film is by the numbers
< taken 2

> i usually only have coffee on weekends and i do n't consider myself an expert . i enjoyed the taste of the yuban breakfast blend and to me it was strong tasting although many other reviewers contradict that . i usually drink gevalia coffees so that is what i 'm comparing this too . overall , i enjoyed the smooth strong flavor very much . i also liked the packaging and the tabs and on each side to close the package is a nice touch .
= nice smooth blend
< smooth and strong

> let me start off by saying that even though noel was a jerk at first i still absolutely love his character ! hes not without his flaws but he was the perfect `` rockstar . '' lane was a great character as well and i felt for her because she had to face her past and the `` guy that got away . '' im very partial to rockstart love stories and this one did not disappoint ! great read !
= rocked my heart ! !
< great read !

> with apologies to the girl scouts and other cookie fundraisers , forget all the other thin minty cookies , these treats have the oreo taste in a smaller ( i.e . fewer calorie ) package . it 's a single oreo wafer , with the oreo cr & egrave ; me , covered in chocolate . deelish ! they have enough flavor in each cookie that you can be satisfied with a one or two cookie treat .
= oh yeah ... these are great !
< the oreo cr & egrave ; me , covered in chocolate

> rylee and colton still working on them selves and each other . colton does n't really talk about his past and as soon as words are spoken by rylee things change and he starts to push away and needs to think and does it work ? ? ? sometimes it does and sometimes you hurt the ones you love the most .
= holy moly
< love colton and colton

> quality pack reveal-n-seal envelopes provide the needed security for mailing private documents . when using these envelopes , i am assured my documents can not be seen . the paper stock is just th right weight and the security provided on the inside of the envelope provides security for all your private documents .
= mona lisa
< quality pack

> this is a utilitarian 6 ' cable , the type used to connect such things as printers , etc . this is also the type of cable that is typically `` not included '' with some peripheral computer products .
= need a cable ? it was n't included with your product ?
< utilitarian

> enjoyed the chemistry in the book , but felt like it went to fast , wish the age difference was not as far apart . also that there was more to the ending .
= ok read
< good

> consider us another fan of despicable . the movie is good for all ages , it is funny , cute and heartwarming . you can not say that about very many movies today .
= funny .
< the movie is funny

> i loved this book and hated to see it end but looked forward to reading the 2nd and the 3rd book of this trilogy .
= wow
< loved it

> i am so happy i found this series from maya banks and i am ready for the final book in the series !
= i got the fever !
< great series

> very well done . enjoyable story . well-acted . moving . thought-provoking . and the movie still manages to be entertaining .
= brilliantly executed
< good movie

> set 57 years after the end of the first alien film , ` aliens ' sees ripley returning to the alien planet , now an off earth colony , to confront her old nemesis.after contact is lost with the colony marines are sent in , with ripley as a consultant to investigate . we meet newt , a young girl who manages to survive by hiding in the air ducts , and who brings out ripley 's maternal instincts , and bishop , an android who ripley finds hard to trust . there is also a team of us marines with an annoying ` in your face ' gung ho attitude , but who serve a purpose in the fight against the acid blooded , parasitic aliens.this was directed by james cameron after his success with ` terminator ' and if you are familiar with this film the directional style will be very familiar , but it 's a style that works very well for the sci-fi genre . this film is less atmospheric and creepy than the first film and is more action orientated , with lots of gun fights , explosions and shouting . this is also the film we see ripley become the badass she has to be to survive the aliens.this is an excellent sequel to the original film and whilst it is louder and with more action , it adds to the story very well indeed and compliments the original perfectly . some say this is the best film in the series and it is definitely a very credible , exciting film , with a great plotline . you 'll just have to watch them all to make up your own mind.feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
= aliens
< terminator : the best film of the series

> i am re-reading harry potter from book 1 after having finished the last instalment in the series recently . almost a decade ago , when harry potter first exploded onto the literary scene , i was quite skeptical that a children 's book could generate such interest . it was only upon reading [ initially out of curiosity ] that i found i loved it ! harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone is a great book for any child and adult who loves stories about fantasy , magic , magical beings , and the themes of friendship , loyalty , and courage , among many others are sure to endear the book to future generations of readers . the character of harry potter in the first book is quite endearing , as he discovers his true identity , that of a gifted young wizard in the making , and not just a poor unloved orphan . together with his two new friends , ron weasley & hermione granger , harry unearths dark secrets at his school for magic , hogwarts , and they embark on fascinating , dangerous adventures into a world of magic , good & evil.for those who 'dumb ' down this series , i would like to say that i am a serious reader & book collector , a teacher and mother whose reading interests range from classics of literature [ austen , bronte , hardy & dickens ] to contemporary fiction and non-fiction , including of course , children 's literature , and the harry potter series is truly deserving of its place in the annals of children 's lit - any series that enraptures and captures the imagination of young and old alike deserves praise !
= a great beginning to a wonderful series !
< harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone

> wow ! i do n't know if i can find the right words to describe how this book made me feel . scared , disgusted , sad , touched , angry , and love . there were so many emotions attached to every piece of this novel . i have never read a book that held so much in its 321 pages.i was hesitant to read this , as i thought it was going to be very disturbing . in the first 20 pages , or so , i thought `` what have i gotten myself into '' . there are parts , for obvious reasons , that are disturbing , but this book took turns i didn ` t expect . it ended up being about compassion , love and understanding , among many other things . seeing the world and what goes on in it , even through excruciating circumstances , through the eyes of a child makes the reader think in ways that we do n't normally think.as the novel progressed , i quickly became hooked . i found myself thinking about when i was going to be able to read more . i was drawn to this book more than i have been drawn to any book that i can recall . this is one of the best books i have read . if you are hesitant to read this because of the nature of the material , or you think this is going to be a depressing read , think again . i recommend giving this book a chance , because after 30 pages you will be hooked , and you wo n't be disappointed in the ending .
= gripping , touching , compassionate and incredible !
< one of the best books i have read

> although i read many of the tarzan books and found them exciting and far superior to the movies i have never read a john carter book even though i 'm a dedicated science-fiction fan . i 've referred to this as a fantasy movie rather than a science fiction movie as simply a personal call based upon my impressions of the movie.i did not see it in theaters nor did i see any of the trailers referenced in other reviews so i essentially watched it for the first time free of any prejudice . the first time i watched the 2-d version as my wife is uncomfortable with the glasses . on that viewing i thought it was an impressive action movie and provided a fine evening 's entertainment . the video and sound is impressive and the dialogue is usually understandable.the second time i watched it in 3-d and had a really good time with the movie . the 3-d effect is good and i discovered that familiarity with the movie enabled me to enjoy it more and i just had more fun with the story , the video quality , the sound and the special effects . this was a gratifying experience and i 'm glad i 've got the 3-d version.true to the disney standard it is free of bad language and sexual overtones and is suitable for most audiences . i found it a very enjoyable movie experience and recommend it highly .
= fun and entertaining fantasy action movie
< a great movie for the disney books

> like many fellow reviewers , i was expecting flight to be more of an action-oriented examination of the plane crash . it ultimately is a story of addiction , denial , loss and redemption.director robert zemeckis artfully guides a powerhouse cast in an uncompromising portrait of a man refusing to admit his addiction , regardless of the collateral damage . oscar winning denzel washington is deservedly nominated again this year for his stunning portrayal of whip , a pilot who miraculously crash lands his plane , saving 96 people but losing 6. he is a hero until evidence emerges he was drinking and using cocaine the morning of the disaster . washington shoulders the weight of the film and gives perhaps his best performance in a totally controlled portrait of the addicted pilot.the opening crash scene is brilliantly executed and disturbing . denzel is surrounded by a stellar supporting cast -- -don cheadle . john goodman , bruce greenwood , brian geraghty , melissa leo and the underappreciated tamara tunie ( law and order svu 's dr. warner ) . i liked kelly reilly as fellow addict nicole , but often had trouble understanding her which diminished my appreciation of her performance.i highly recommend flight mainly on the basis of washington 's devastating performance . he probably will lose the oscar to daniel day lewis , but his nomination cements him as one of cinema 's best actors .
= darkly disturbing denzel
< washington 's best performance

> i must admit it takes me a while to build up to reading one of these books , knowing that once i start it 's addictive reading . this , like the previous two is not an easy read and i 'll be reading a nice fluffy light hearted romance afterwards as always . in this book we get two stories cage and tegan as expected but also dirty and ellie , dirty and ellie provided the strength of the book for me i loved them both and really hoped they 'd find away through their pasts and have a future together , they were amazing and i loved them both . cage and tegan i liked less i must admit , her anger , although justified was a little much for me particularly early on , it took me quite a while to warm to her and cage although very much like his father seemed , again early on like a spoilt brat . as the book continued the characters grow and mature becoming real and along with that my feelings for them grew and changed now i 'm just left waiting for the next book .
= again compulsive reading
< addictive

> i do n't know much about sunscreens , so this will not be as savvy as the other reviews . all i know is we started swim class for my four year old this week and it was a great time to try the product . full sun with very little shade for an hour , in the hottest part of the day.i was happy that it covers uva and uvb protection instead of just one . since it 's zinc oxide , i was pleased because lifeguards have been using that forever . it blended in better than the old white zinc oxide , however . blending was very easy and smooth . i got home this afternoon with no burn anywhere , him either.but i also felt that my eyes were stinging even though there was no sunscreen near my eyes nor was there any sweating , so how did my eyes burn so much ? next time i 'll likely use a different product for my face.i 'm giving it four stars because i was pleased that my skin did n't feel greasy too .
= good protection yet not perfect
< great for full sun

> we have no deer problem , but squirrels drive our dog nuts and steal bird food from our feeders . i put this around the area and voila , no squirrels . then it rained and they were back . so , spray after each rain.as for the battery-powered sprayer , what 's the point , other than using more liquid than needed and thus perhaps making you buy more ? oh , cynical thought . what company would promote something that made you use more of their product than needed ? a simple manual sprayer is fine here , unless you plan on spraying a huge area . plus you really do n't need much of this for it to work . a few ounces in a thin stream covered the perimeter of a couple hundred square feet for us.so yes , the stuff works , and no , you do n't need the power sprayer version . just buy it in bulk and put it in your own dollar store spray bottle with the nozzle set to long thin stream .
= stuff works , sprayer is overkill
< no squirrels , no squirrels

> this was a fitting book to be the ending of this quite stupendous trilogy about a brilliant , tattooed girl who takes on the world . lisbeth and her friend blomkvist are working feverishly to clear lisbeth 's name and to bring down a top-secret agency buried right in the middle of the swedish security police . to try to attempt to paraphrase this book or , for that matter , the entire three books in this series is nigh impossible . these books are complex and detailed , yet they all move at a break-neck pace in spite of that detail . we are indeed lucky that mr. larsson handed in all three manuscripts at once or we would be deprived of this very memorable reading experience . these books are totally absorbing and by far the best set of thrillers we 've seen for a long while . i recommend them highly , but read them all and read them in order . you wo n't be sorry .
= a good ending to the trilogy .
< a fitting book

> these scotch reusable tabs are perfect ! each tab is qualified to hold up to .25 lb , so i guess i 'll skip the load testing i had planned . instead , i 'll try throwing a curveball by using an unintended alternate material - polyester ! i bought a couple of light , nature imagery , polyester flags to use on my boat windows as a sunscreen and privacy curtain , and i figured if these adhesives worked , it would be absolutely perfect ... and , as you may see in the uploaded photo , they work great ! even after i remove them and reapply them to the material , they stick on incredibly strong.these reusable tabs adhere perfectly to paper , photos , glass and refrigerators as surely they originally had in mind.i highly recommend these versatile scotch reusable tabs for any lightweight mounting needs you may have - do n't stick tacks in your wall ... stick reusable tabs on them instead !
= ingenious !
< perfect for lightweight mounting material

> first off , i checked with webmd and drugs.com to see if there were any side effects or conflicts with my current meds ( you should too ! ) . it all checked out so i 've been taking two of these per day . they dissolve easily and taste okay ( not great ! ) it 's a easily absorbed form of b-12 which is classically recommended to help sleep . so far , i still have trouble getting to sleep , but i 'm not waking up anymore every hour or so and my sleep feels more solid and productive . no heartburn , bad taste , or other side effects have been noticed , nor any dry mouth as some people say that they get.in all cases , you should check with your pharmacist or doctor to make sure there are no contraindications with your medications or health before using this or any supplement !
= better , deeper sleep
< works great !

> for coffee lovers , this is a great idea for quick coffee on the go . these pods are meant to be used for a single serving in a coffee maker ; however , i put some in my purse and take them with me.each single serve coffee packet comes like a tea bag in a woven mesh , round pouch . then this is sealed in an air tight foil bag . i use this with a hot pot in my office to heat water and pour it over the coffee bag just like i pour over my tea bag . it is excellent ! very convenient and easy to carry.this makes a great cup of coffee . the flavor is very light , and i like a light to medium roast coffee . also , this product is certified organic and fair trade ! excellent coffee and excellent production qualities .
= a great , light coffee
< great coffee and excellent production

> this is such a nice light drink . it has a lovely lime taste but it does n't quite taste like a limeaide . there is a touch of mint in it as well , exactly what an alcoholic mojito might taste like . it is a nice refreshing flavor.i do n't drink so i can not compare this to the 'real alcoholic version ' . but i love this drink and will be buying more of this in the near future.i like crystal light so i expected that my family and i would like this drink . however , i was surprised at how much we all enjoyed it . my husband generally does not enjoy juices and drinks such as this . however , he drank more than one glass and agreed it was very refreshing.worth the money.enjoy .
= yum yum . yum .
< nice light drink

> i 've always been a fan of raspberry vinegarette salad dressing , so i enjoyed the sweet/smokey/slightly hot flavor of this roasted raspberry chipolte sauce as salad dressing . ( it was also simple to make -- you just mix it with equal parts of balsamic vinegar ) .as a main course , i mixed 1/2 cup into the filling for stuffed peppers , and then continued my recipe in the usual way . great results ! all the tasters at the dinner table were pleased . : ) for lunch , it was tasty in a ceasar-salad chicken wrap sandwich . ( i drizzled about 2 tablespoons onto the sandwich before wrapping . ) this is one versatile product , and i 'm looking forward to trying it as an appetizer and then as a sauce for ribs .
= delicious and versatile
< great for lunch

> my husband and son went through this bag in about 5 minutes , which i guess means they 're good . ( they were gone before i got to try a whole one . ) i did get to taste a few of the leftover flakes , and they were crunchy , granola-oat type , lightly sweet with a nice cinnamon flavor . not an altogether `` healthy '' snack -- do n't kid yourself that these are as a good for as a regular apple -- but an obviously better choice than chips or candy . an after school , in-the-car kind of snack you can feel not too bad about it . the biggest downside , is , especially at this price point , they do n't last awfully long .
= tasty and addictive
< crunchy , but not too sweet

> the megafudge chips ahoy ! cookies do nothing to add to their non-fudge-filled counterparts . these cookies look , smell , and taste just like the original chewy chocolate chips ahoy ! cookies . not too sweet , not too salty , not leaving a heavy chemical aftertaste.the fudge center of the cookies is not as the picture on the package would lead you to believe . the fudge is not gooey . it is much thicker and drier than the picture shows . it also has a grainy , almost crunchy texture that while not offensive , does leave me a little confused.megafudge chips ahoy ! are decent cookies , but there is nothing special here that would entice me to buy these instead of store-bought chewy chocolate chip cookies .
= megafudge chips ahoy !
< not bad , but not great

> wow ! i could n't believe how well the oxo good grips ratcheting pineapple slicer works ! i watched the demo video and then tried it myself . i think my pineapple sliced even more easily than the one on the demo video . i was so excited i went and bought another pineapple , so that i could show it to my mom . she watched me do it and immediately logged in to her amazon account and bought one for herself . we love pineapple , but hate the mess . i read other reviews that said it either juiced or smashed the pineapple i did not have that experience at all . maybe their pineapples were too ripe ? definitely , a 5-star !
= wow ! it really works ! fresh pineapple without all the mess .
< i love pineapple , but i love pineapple , but i love pineapple , but

> i expected to be incredulous , but the screenplay and howard 's attention to crucial setting and details did n't allow for any disbelief . every aspect of the characters was honed until the stage presence brought the viewer to the edge of the reality/imaginery fold . the story brings out the depth of the dimensions of history and i loved the thrill of chasing the clues ( i had n't read the book yet ) . pondering all the assumptions about the possible meanings of different symbols added extra intrique . the screen version certainly does n't top the novel , but it is a delightful enhancement of a terrific story . great casting , great directing , great movie ! chrissy k. mcvay - author
= great movie !
< great movie , great casting , great casting , great casting , great casting ,

> i really liked the first book `` thoughtless '' ... however i totally loved the second one ! `` effortless '' was just so much deeper and meaningful in so many ways . i tried not to read to fast so that i would n't have to wait very long for `` reckless '' to be released . but i was unsuccessful ... i read it in an afternoon . i just could n't wait to see what happened ... i totally loved kellan 's notes ... talk about heart-wrenching ! i liked kiera a whole lot more in this book than in the first one ... ca n't wait to see what happens in the 3rd book !
= series just gets better !
< loved it !

> from the cover i expected a bit more hot & heavy ... but i was surprised by the wonderful , hilarious & still hot story . i got the book on a whim expecting it to be short , full of hot smut and little story . i was dead wrong.i fell in love with jason and laughed till i cried . my jaw hurts from the lines in this book . other than a few pages of sadness the book was great.a romance book that is just full of cute banter . i will def . be reading this on again .
= funny , cute and awesome
< hot & still hot

> i 've been a tide user for years and have never been dissatisfied with how the detergent performs . i 'm especially pleased with this version since the febreze scent is great -- not too strong , but there 's enough scent to make my clothes smell nice . i find the scent much more appealing than the regular tide scent.i 'm glad amazon carries this since it 's hard to find in the stores in he formulation . the regular price is a bit steep , but there are often coupons and sales that bring it down quite a bit .
= effective on dirt ; great scent
< great scent , good scent

> i know these are to be for labels but i like them just for making notes , there is more sticky on them so i do n't have to worry about them falling off whatever i put them on . as labels i do n't like them as much as the rounded type of labels . the perforations are n't good so it looks a little messy . these are more expensive than the regular note pads so i save these for important notes that i do n't want to get lost .
= nice little sticky pads
< i like them

> i did n't know what to expect from fischer and wieser mango ginger habanero sauce . i suspected i would n't like it , but i spread this on some chicken and i was won over . not too sweet and not too strong , it has a nice even taste that adds to the flavor of the food it adorns . i also tried it on rice and it 's just as good , maybe even a little better , than the more traditional soy sauce.reoommended.brian w. fairbanks
= recommended
< not too sweet

> an excellent follow-up to this man ( which i have read 3x and counting ) . malpas does an excellent job yet again with the chemistry between jesse and ava . i had laughs , tears , chill bumps , stress , you name it ... i will be counting down the days until the final release in this trilogy and then will cry like a baby because it is over .
= good gosh almighty ! ! ! ! !
< excellent follow-up

> this is a comfortable well made t-shirt . the design and stitching are nice , and the material is soft and breathable . it is a little clingy , so it might suit the well built best . the soft material is also cool so it makes a nice sleeping shirt . i would n't mind having a whole collection of these . much better than a white cotton t-shirt .
= well made !
< comfortable

> you wo n't regret this one . my addiction to romance books loved the constant referrals from all ranges of bdsm , paranormal , and contemporary books . there are so many levels of love ( family , friends , lovers ) that tears through this story it 's gut wrenching . i love the strength of characters in this one .
= go for it !
< loved it !

> what can you say about playtex gentle glide unscented regular tampons . they are an excellent product . very easy to use i had no leaks or problems of any kind . i like that they are unscented because i think it cuts down on infection or if you are sensitive . very good product from an iconic company .
= love it ! !
< playtex gentle glide unscented

> i thoroughly enjoyed reading this book . i found it difficult to put down . there was an instant connection with the characters and the story . i 'm looking forward to a tragic wreck , i am not a huge fan of cliffhangers but i 'm sure it will be worth the wait .
= great read
< great read

> that was so beautiful , i stay up all night just to finish the book . gosh i am in love with travis , wow travis is the perfect boyfriend , even though his brother jake was of a jerk i like him . great book definitely recommend it .
= tears
< travis

> small cookie with chocolate chips and gooey chocolate in the middle . it was soft and chewy which i like . overall it was a little too sweet for me . as my teenager said after eating one `` eh '' not bad , but not great ,
= too sweet
< small cookie with a little too sweet

> i have used a lot of different brands of tampons - these are very absorbent . have had no side effects , they absorb great no issues at all ! i am a loyal playtex user , they never disappoint ...
= comfortable and absorbs well
< great product !

> i loved callie and kayden 's story . the way everything came out into the open . i gave the four stars because i thought the ending could have had more closure . closure for both callie and kayden .
= redemption ...
< great story

> with so many different additives to water these days , what distinguishes this one ? it comes in a larger bottle of 12 ounces and makes 24 8-ounce servings . this fruit punch flavor is light ( similar to , but not heavy like hawaiin punch ) , and i found it refreshing . it has a combination of vitamins b 6 , 5 , 3 , and 12 , vitamin c , zinc , magnesium , and chromium . most importantly it has approximately the same level of caffeine as soda , so i can get a nice little jolt.i use a lot of powdered additives to my water , and enjoy the fact that this liquid fully dissolved , unlike the powders . i am keeping this next to my refrigerator and give my bottles their treatment as i take them out of the fridge , before i jump in the car . however , i have had some warm , and it was ok then as well . i do n't add a lot to my water , i could n't figure out how much a squeeze was , and so i started light , and it works nicely for me.the one thing i would like to mention is that the servings are 8 oz size , and most water bottles are 12-16 ounce . if you are figuring price per serving , do keep this in mind . also , it is recommended that you use this within 30 days of opening it.i have small hands , and often have trouble with pull off tops under seals , so i have the habit of keeping a sharp knife handy to run around the top and remove it . so i opened my bottle using my normal technique ... the extra hermetically sealed package was n't a problem for me.good flavor , reasonable price . i will be finishing my sample bottle and looking for it in the market .
= personally , i enjoy it .
< refreshing and refreshing

> i missed this flick in theaters but saw it last night on bd ( uk ed ) . fox presents an adequate transfer ( unfortunately rather rare for the studio ) , but the dts sound was a pleasure . it was watched on a 42 '' panasonic plasma and panasonic bd35 player . given the extensive fighting , shooting , and other action scenes , i thoroughly enjoyed the dts treatment . the picture was grainy in some dark shots , but overall very crisp.though some reviews across numerous sites have remarked that liam neeson was an odd cast for this highly physical film , i disagree . in order to take on an underground women prostitution smuggling ring , singlehandledly , a mature , seasoned and perfection-driven type would need to be cast . he portrayed the girl 's father and his skillset in a convincing manner.the pace of the film is very fast , and was a bit too fast for me , in rushing along the character development . the acting was a bit robotic in parts , especially of the daughter , who seemed overly excited and hysterical in normal scenes ( not after she had been kidnapped , obviously ) . in parts it seemed like the director or actors `` tried too hard '' to create drama , and whether in the script , or the execution , it was a little `` over the top '' . the story was over the top , of course , and quite dramatic , but the delivery seemed a bit overblown.still , i can see how this was dubbed one of the best action movies of the year , as the centerline story of a dad fighting for his daughter in a very dangerous situation is a very powerful concept for humanity . the story was relatable and fast paced . highly recommended !
= action packed , uk blu-ray 4/5 pq , 5/5 aq
< `` i 'm a little `` over the top ''

> the time traveler 's wife is audrey niffenegger 's second novel . this is the story of henry detamble ( the time traveler ) and clare abshire ( the time traveler 's wife ) . clare first meets henry when she is six years old and he suddenly appears , naked , in the meadow near her home : he 's thirty-six at the time . on the other hand , henry first meets clare in the library where he works , when he 's twenty-eight and she 's twenty . henry has a condition called chrono-displacement disorder , which has him disappearing and reappearing into various times in the past and future . this is ultimately a beautiful love story with a time-travel twist , which adds a different dimension to the story : humour in some parts , horror or heartache in others . whilst reading this book can be confusing at first , once you realise that clare 's story moves forward normally in time , and you remember to pay attention to henry 's age in the headings , it all starts to make sense . henry and clare 's ardour and their attempts to lead a normal life , to have a family , in the face of his disorder , make for a memorable and deeply stirring tale . niffenegger is skilled with prose and plot ; the reader is held enthralled as her imagination is transformed into words . this novel has been described as enchanting , moving , extraordinary , haunting , compelling , a soaring love story : i agree with all of those . i laughed and cried . i so love this book : it is one of my all-time favourite novels . writing this review has made me want to read it yet again .
= wonderful !
< a soaring love story

> try is a book that was truly incredible . it was hotter than all heck and i mean panty wetting , i better read this in private kind of hot . off the charts hot . that kind of hot.however , underneath the scorching sex scenes and there are plenty to keep you occupied , trust me , there is a beautiful story of two men who have never really had a taste for true love . but now , together they just may want to try.logan mitchell is a lawyer , who together with his half-brother cole madison , from the exquisite series , work together in their very successful practice . tate morrison is a bartender in a bar that logan frequents near his office.one night , logan meets the new bartender and this previously wild and confirmed bachelor is stopped dead in his tracks . his want and need for tate is nothing he has ever experienced . and logan is a man , whether in his business or private life , never takes no for an answer.when logan continues to pursue the straight man , who is the most gorgeous human being logan has ever laid eyes on , tate must put aside all that he has ever thought he was or wanted and decide if the sexy lawyer is worth the risk.try is a well written story of lust , want , but mostly need . a need for not only satisfaction but wanting more and a willingness to try even if it means taking that leap of faith into a whole new world.i highly recommend this book . you will laugh , sigh , gasp , smile and even moan a bit ( or maybe more than a bit ) ... yeah it 's that good : )
= insanely hot ! !
< incredible !

> i am beginning to think paul haggis is one of the most over-rated men in hollywood . there 's the hideously hyped message moviecrash . there'smillion dollar baby , a sloppy tear-jerker that would have been nothing except clint eastwood made it worthwhile and elevated hillary swank 's performance . and now he 's managed to make james bond a floppy limp hack with `` quantum of solace . `` do recall the shivering thrill you got watching daniel craig incasino royale ? you wo n't get that here . craig , as bond , is a steely blank of an mi6 agent , forced to wander around the film with a purpose that is left murky . is he out to avenge vesper from the last movie ? is he out to find the eco-gangster dominic greene ( played with all the villainy of a stuffed chicken ) ? or is he a neutered ex-he-man forced to slither around waffling nationals who bend their morals whatever way the wind blows ? unfortunately , that 's what you , the viewer , is left to fuddle with . `` quantum of solace '' is a juggling act of bland , with even a crappy theme to alert you that you 're in for something other than the usual mach 8 thrill ride . q and his bond gadgets , is absent . there 's not even a decent bond girl . this is little more than a run-of-the-mill spy flick , barely average when `` casino '' was flawless . bring back action director martin campbell and leave the `` message '' muddling at home .
= quantum of sloppiness
< quantum of solace

> taste : it tastes like ... water . yep , just water . i must admit that i read some of the previous reviews and was expecting some bitterness or an aftertaste . i tried this both ice cold and room temperature and each time , just thought there was no real taste at all . just water.caffeine lift : so , this bottle holds 16.9 fl oz of water and is supposed to give you the same caffeine lift as a cup of coffee . the fact is , for me , it is easier to drink something flavored than unflavored . i simply could n't drink all this water in one sitting ( hence the ice cold and the room temperature mentioned above ) . i can drink a large cup of coffee in one sitting because i like the taste . as a result , i probably only got about half the caffeine in the first sitting and half in the second sitting and so there was no noticeable lift for me.value : for me personally , i 'd rather just drink my coffee in the morning and nurse regular water through the day like i normally do . i would rather pay the same amount for a good cup of coffee . however , if you do n't normally consume a lot of caffeine and you really like water , you may get a better lift from this than i did . taste-wise - no complaints , but i wo n't be spending my money on this one .
= water that tastes like water
< tastes like water , water , water .

> the god of thunder ( chris hemsworth ) is banished to earth to live as a powerless human in payment for his arrogance , where he befriends mortals ( natalie portman , stellan skarsgard , and kat dennings ) and comes to the notice of shield , unaware of the cataclysmic political situation playing itself out back on his homeworld of asgard.this is a rousing adventure and a very successful adaptation of the comic book . hemsworth has the size , the arrogance , and the charm that his role requires . anthony hopkins is imposing as odin and tom hiddleston makes a surprisingly sympathetic loki . the complex relationship between the father and his two sons is one of the film 's greatest strengths . unfortunately , the earthly segments are the weakest . even though the filmmakers had a lot of story to get through , thor seemed to settle into his exile on earth a little too quickly . i also did n't believe his romance with jane foster . i could understand why she might fall for a charismatic god who fell out of a wormhole , but it was harder to see why he would return the feeling when she was really nothing more to him than a kind stranger with a pretty face . fortunately , the film moves back to asgard for its rousing finale . viewers with the patience to sit through the lengthy credits will be rewarded with a final scene that teases the avengers movie .
= marvel studios does it again
< a rousing adventure

> five days later ... after basically breaking in , she finds jesse almost unconscious . her leaving made him drown himself in vodka . he really is a selfish little snot . he hid stuff from her , that 's why she left and he is going to blame it on her ? ? ? ava helps jesse 'recover ' and before you know it he is the same old 'trampling ' dominant ass he was before.ava 's bc pills keep getting lost . hello ? i am pretty sure it 's jesse taking them.he still wo n't tell her his age or why he got the scar . his excuse is it 's in the past or i 've put it behind me so it should n't matter to her . **hello** this man is never going to change , or at least evolve ! i am so on the fence with this series . i know everyone loved it but come on jesse is certifiable . he may not be an alcoholic in the classic sense but it and him should permanently part ways.i totally get the draw of the alpha male but i just think jesse is a bit much . re really is teetering the line of love and certifieability ! ! ! if jesse and ava ever truly get their hea the way things are now , i 'd be shock . it will be bumpy to say the least. & # 62 ; *this man confessed
= really ? ? ? ?
< jesse and ava

> i wanted this cable to use to connect my newer computer directly to my wifi modem since i prefer a wired connection for the desktops . i had a patch cable but it actually had lost its two clips and no longer was a snug fit in its plugs.because of this , i was pleased with the protection afforded the clip on this cable as i would prefer not to suffer a loss of connection in the middle of my work . while i would not like to unplug this cable everyday , i have had to remove it a couple of times while troubleshooting my computer and , while not easy , i did not find it to be overwhelmingly tedious.it does feel sturdier than many similar cables i have had . i would n't be afraid of causing it permanent damage by wrapping it around the perimeter of my desk or around the edge of the wall to my modem . this cable also delivered our full 20.00+ mbps from the modem to the pc.all and all , i am very pleased with the cable but am docking a star because it could never be regularly portable .
= ideal for stationary uses ; not so much for regular travel
< great cable , but not a good price

> recent research indicates almonds lower blood cholesterol levels , regulate blood pressure , and help prevent osteoporosis . the fats in almonds are mostly good fats -- 90 % unsaturated . plus , almonds are decent sources of daily nutrients including , protein , fiber and vitamin e. ( source : natural news ) okay , i like almonds -- but i love them dipped in chocolate . that adds a lot of extra sugar , fat , etc.emerald has solved that problem with cocoa roasted almonds . a 1 ounce serving of these almonds is 150 calories , which is the same as regular roasted almonds ! they have zero cholesterols , 3 grams of fiber , and only 1 gram of sugar.they 're not 'sweet sweet ' . if you like dark chocolate bars with 70 % or better cacao ( the good stuff ) you are going to love these nuts.the cup-size container 's a great size to pack in your car . it 'll fit in a cup holder -- or you can sneak it in the movie theatre and have almonds instead of a fat- or sugar-laden snack.rebecca kyle , may 2008
= nuts to me !
< great dark chocolate bars

> the producer 's choice to create a spider-man sequel that was darker than the original was an inspired move . spiderman 2 , if filmed with twice as many special effects as the first movie , would have been a bore and a disaster.toby mcguire believably portrays peter parker as a boy-hero guilt-ridden over his uncle ben 's death . his after-hours life as a masked crime-fighter does n't assuage the guilt and barely pays the bills . peter has no life . yet his inner decency wo n't let him abandon those who need him . or will it ? spiderman ii is best when it shows the choice a hero makes between normalcy ( as defined by we non-heroes ) and being true to his inner gifts . the only weakness of the movie is that some of this turmoil is resolved a bit too neatly and quickly.alfred molina as terrific as bad guy doc ock . the special effects , showing the good doctor walking and climbing on his robotic arms , are completely believable , as is ock 's sinister , machine-enhanced megalomania . entertaining and interesting !
= the dark webs we weave
< entertaining and interesting

> i was not impressed with parts 1 & 2 of breaking dawn . honestly i felt it did not need to be broken into a two part film that was filled with music ... to excess . that said i did like part two better than part one . the beginning is visually stunning , but , makes it seem out of place with the earlier films . i was grateful when renesmee grew , puzzled at why she grew so fast then stopped so suddenly . i do know i was glad when she was no longer a peculiar looking infant/toddler thingy . the ending of this one in book format always seems limp to me . i was not impressed with it . however it was much improved in the film , i 'm not sure why though . the relationship between jacob and renesmee was kind of limp . i mean their dependency on one another was n't as clear as it could have been . the film is good , i like it . the books are better though .
= finally finished
< not what i expected

> jarrow has a ton of great products on the market and this is yet another one to add to that ever expanding list . i found this supplement as a great way to get my daily dose of omega-3 . as a hard core endurance runner , keeping my joints in tip top shape is vitally important . i do not really care what the naysayers would spout off about , i know for a fact how my body feels if i go without some type of omega supplement . this product by jarrow is exactly what my body was calling for . i found it easy to digest with absolutely no `` aftertaste . '' no problems to report here . if i got it again though , i would buy more than the 30 count package . it is just easier and more convenient to have a longer supply on hand .
= jarrow - the name says it all
< great way to get my body joints

> convicted is just as amazing as the other books in the series . this is the first series i have read with a character as complex and twisted as tony ; you hate him one book and love him the next . i absolutely loved him in this book ! the twist and turns , betrayal , revenge , suspense , etc . within this series will completely blow your mind . beware ! this series is a complete mind screw and is not for those looking for a light read . this series is dark and twisted and is worth reading . i can say you will have never read a series quite like this ; this series is in a league of its own and i highly recommend it .
= convicted
< a must read !

> finally ! lolwhat can i say ? i did n't hate it , but i 'm glad to be finished this trilogy . anastasia and christian got there happy ending , while we the readers got closure to this couple 's journey . i definitely think their story could 've been done hundreds of pages ago , as opposed to being dragged out . i 'm happy with the ending and believe all fans of the previous books will be as well . biggest complaint : the whole storyline with jack hyde was presented as this big part of the story but really fell flat . it was all very anticlimactic and without that , there was n't much of a plot other than reading about ana and christians daily life .
= 3.5 stars ... it 's over ...
< finally !

> spiderman was great , and that is a very pleasant surprise considering that i 've been a fan for as long as i can remember , and thus did not know what to expect from the film.the movie combines action , adventure and comedy . tobey maguire and kirsten dunst have outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding , making this movie one of the best of its kind . the actors ' great talent and chemistry clearly shows , thus providing an entertaining film that can be watched over and over again . the plot , the dialogues , the setting , the special effects , the battles , the music and the costumes are all wonderful ! in short , keep them coming ! ! !
= truly amazing spiderman !
< a great movie

> even though i use the pc system ( not mac ) , i find this drive to be an excellent strategy for backup . it will accommodate the pc format , and has way more than ample storage . it 's made by seagate , a top firm in quality products of this nature.it 's easy to install and use . i would recommend that you also have some type of off-site storage as part of your security strategy , and several companies provide such service , such as carbonite.modern programs are getting bigger and bigger , but at 3 terabytes , this should be useful for years to come .
= excellent backup product , even for pc
< excellent strategy for backup

> i love trying new supplements , and jarrow is a favorite . but megamind did exactly zero , and that 's giving it a full 30 day trial ( 90 pills is a 30 day supply . ) it may be that i take so many supplements that this was just redundant . i did n't notice any improvement in my sleep and no major leaps in cognition and brain function.maybe if you take nothing else , this will work wonders . but for the average user of vitamins and supplements , this is probably just redundant ( and expensive . )
= meh .
< did n't notice any improvement

> awesome , in your face , bloody , brutal , brillant , sometimes over the top , bashing , gory , nasty , comical , disturbing . david fincher 's second best film next to se7en . brad pitt can act and he can fight and so can edward norton . the fights are awesome and the suspense never stops . the finale i never suspected , which was great . and theres a lot of sex and moaning in this one as well and some big juggs on meat loaf . watch and enjoy
= first rule of fight club . dont talk about fight club
< awesome

> this book is beautifully written . i will always remember this book . i really enjoy reading about this awful tragedy in our history and this story really touched my heart.sometimes going back and forth can be distracting but this author did it so well that the pages just flew by.i do n't want to give much away from my review but this book will be a hit when it is released and i am so glad i got to read it ! i will be looking for other works by this author .
= memorable .
< beautifully written

> i just finished `` mockingjay '' . what an amazing book . i truly enjoyed the pace of the three books . very hard to put down . the authors ability to place you in that bleak and frightening future is amazing . i found myself lost in these books for hours . that said i read these books very quickly . anyhow this is a trilogy not to be missed . buy it ! ! ! !
= exceptional trilogy
< amazing ! ! !

> this one is an excellent beverage if you 're feeling sick due to the flu , car sickness or pregnancy . the ginger is an ingredient which is known by natural health workers to settle stomachs and the honey and lemon are a good flavor mix . it 's also soothing for indigestion and is good for children 's tummies since it 's caffeine free .
= good for motion sickness
< excellent beverage

> this blackberry sparkling juice is delicious.it 's nice and sweet.i liked it and my friends liked it very much . it tastes just like dark cherry soda.on the can is printed `` we partner with global education fund to help provide education and resources to needy children around the world . '' that alone is a good reason for me to buy this beverage.highly recommended .
= sweet and sparkling
< nice and nice juice

> bella jewel is pure genius ! from the very first page i was sucked into her world . the heroine was a strong determined feisty girl that had one hell of u messed up life . the hero was one sexy dirty mouthed biker with demons of his own . i loved these two together . reading the next book now ! 5 stars .
= this book rocked my world
< bella jewel

> i loved it ... but it sort of made me mad at the same time..in a way i just wanted to yell at her to stop being stupid and follow her heart . to leave and never look back . i only hope the second one has the ending it should . can not wait ! ! !
= excellent
< i loved it ... .

> without a charger , your kindle has to be connected to a computer and it takes a long , long - very long - time to charge , and then it rarely reaches full power . if you spent the money for a kindle , it 's worth it to spend a little extra on this accessory .
= almost a necessity
< great for kindle

> even with all their problems and heartache you know that ella and micha belong together . i am so happy with how this series ended . two souls that are destined finally opening up and letting each other in . i look forward to reading what comes about with lila and ethan !
= perfect
< loved it !

> fan-freaking-tastic book . great story line . no drama that went on forever . great characters . humor . not a ton of sex . this has been one of the best books i 've read in a while . i hope to read more by this author .
= under locke
< wow

> this book was offered for free so i snagged it but after rearing i would have bought it . i loved reed and jesse . i ca n't wait for the next book .
= better then i thought
< loved it

> but so what . a character centered war picture is not something usually as well done as this . you 'll be glad you were n't conscripted .
= old fashioned
< so what i expected

> this story had a lot going . it was so nice did not see what was coming . which made me cry at the end .
= good
< great story

> i 'm not going to elaborate but this was a great ending to blaire and rush ' story , love me some overprotective rush.loved it .
= rush , oh rush !
< great ending

> i really enjoyed this story . the writing was on the wall that these two would end up together , so it was a fun journey watching them get there . olivia is a beautiful girl that is yearning for love ; nate is a gorgeous guy who has suffered loss at the hand of love , well really they both have . they formed an instant friendship , and shared an easy camaraderie that created an extremely strong bond between them . olivia trusted her friend and felt that they could share anything with each other , so who better to ask help her attract benjamin , the cute guy that she sees at work . what she lacks in confidence , nate makes up in his bravado . they agree to him helping her with her & # 34 ; flirting & # 34 ; skills , and finding her inner sexy goddess . at joss and braden 's wedding reception , after indulging in some liquid courage , olivia confides to nate her sheer lack of experience with men , and before you know it , the private lessons in the art of seduction become physical between them , and that is when things get a little complicated.i enjoyed the humor , witty dialogue , and getting to see our friends and couples from the previous reads ; we also had the stage set for hannah and marco 's story along with getting a glimpse at cole in what i hope to be a future story as well . what i thought would have made the story perfect , was if we could have gotten into the head of nate ; he was struggling with some real pain , and i was obvious that he cared deeply for olivia so i would have loved to read his thoughts . maybe we will get more of this couple in the future , i sure hope so .
= another wonderful addition to this dublin street series
< a fun journey watching story

> on the one hand , i 'm not a big fan of monster movies that keep the monster mostly out of sight or hard to see throughout the movie . but knowing that was the formula that jj abrams used forcloverfield , my expectations were set for that ... and my expectations where met . at least the cloverfield hand held camera part of the formula was dropped for super 8.on the other hand , i 'm a big fan of a well written and well acted story . while super 8 was full of moments that were simply not believable , the story flow and the amusing but accurate capture of how a group of middle schoolers interact with each other saved super 8 from 2 star land.my kids loved super 8. although i 'd hesitate to call it a great 'family ' film simply based on some of the mature material and language . it 's actually refreshing to see the mpaa take a more lax approach to language with a pg-13 instead of an r. i suppose having steven spielberg on board as producer may have had some pull.basically a bunch of kids in a remote town are witness to a military train crash . unfortunately one of the passengers on the train really wants to go home but that 's not where the train was taking him ... er ... i mean ... it . but when the train crashes this 'dark ' passenger has a chance to escape and the kids do a better job of tracking down the escaped passenger than the most qualified government agency ever could . now there 's a formula that never seems to get old in hollywood , right ? ... smart civilians and kids outwit the dumb old police and military . oy.so overall i was entertained by super 8 , but i walked away feeling like it was a kid 's movie in pg-13 clothing .
= i did n't h8 it , but it was n't gr8
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> last year , twilight captivated me . with its gripping story and great characters , it easily landed itself a permanent spot on my ` best books ever ' list ! ! stephanie meyers new moon is no exception ! ! ! in all honesty , new moon was not the book i expected . after finishing it , i think it 's more of a setup/transition book for eclipse , especially the last few chapters . ( you 'll know what i mean once you 've finished the book ! ! ! ) like most , i 'm rooting for edward and bella . i was sucked in by their love for each other in twilight that i was floored and speechless when edward decided to leave within the first few chapters of new moon . `` what ? ! `` , i remember shouting at the book , `` you ca n't leave '' , as if that would help . with that said , be prepared to be edward-less for a large chunk of the book.new moon , even without edward , still shines . we learn more about bella as she enters a very dark period , which she herself can only get out of with a friends help -- this friend being jacob black . ( yes , also in twilight ) new moon tests edward and bella 's relationship to the max . will edward come back ? will bella give in to ( what i call ) jacob 's one sided infatuation with her ? will true love really prevail even under the most trying circumstances ? you 'll know once you finish new moon , at least , until eclipse comes out , which is sure to cause us all more sleepless nights worrying about our two star crossed lovers ! ! !
= perfect !
< another great book for eclipse

> as with many translations , the unfamiliar , unpronounceable proper names interrupt the flow of the prose . for example , the main character 's name in this swedish novel is blomkvist , which does n't exactly roll smoothly off my english-speaking tongue . his female business partner and frequent lover is often referred to by her last name of berger , but there is also a male character whose first name is birger . the names of places are even more inscrutable . still , the storyline is quite addictive , although it becomes somewhat gruesome and less engrossing in the second half . it 's a good , old-fashioned mystery that reads like it was inspired by dashiell hammett . it also reminded me of the game of clue , because the crime was committed on an unreachable island with a limited group of suspects . blomkvist is a journalist whose reputation has been tarnished by a conviction for libel . eighty-something-year-old henrik vanger has hired blomkvist during his self-imposed sabbatical to investigate the disappearance of harriett , his brother 's granddaughter . the plot also made me think of the movie blow-up , because a photo becomes key to the investigation . blomkvist hires lisbeth salander , an anti-social computer hacker with a photographic memory , as his assistant . lisbeth has skeletons in her own closet and a personal vendetta against men who abuse women . in my imagination , she looks like the main character in the movie run , lola , run . perhaps this is part of the reason that this book is so popular ; it conjures up striking visuals of the characters and the chilly nordic landscape . plus , there are enough evil characters -- former nazis , rapists , corporate sleazeballs , etc. -- to fill several novels .
= page-turner extraordinaire
< a good , old-fashioned mystery

> boy , am i so tired of reading reviews bemoaning the ingredients in dog food these days . all the whiners claim that such-and-such is too corm or soy heavy , or that it is not gluten free or some other such crap . guess what ... it 's dog food ! for the love of all that is holy would you tools quit your whine-fest and go away ! for the record , this product did exactly what it was supposed to do . do you know what that is ? it fed my dogs . furthermore , they all seemed to enjoy it and have not shown any ill effects or digestive ailments ( not a single degree higher on the dog-fart scale , so i am happy ) . sure our dogs are our babies , but the same people who cry about dog food ingredients are the same ones who took the score out of childrens ' sports and think everyone is a winner . total and complete imbeciles . chef michael 's grilled sirloin dry dog food will always be welcome in my home . our pets are only given a short time with us on this planet , so why not let them enjoy their little lives to the fullest . give them what they want . if this dog food makes them wag their happy little tails , then have at it . i found this to be a great product and i hope you do to . the naysayers need to get a grip on reality or just raise children instead . they do n't deserve dogs ! highly recommended !
= hey , it 's great dog food
< dog food , but not for the love

> d-link is kind of hit and miss with this router . the router itself seems stable , does n't crash or require frequent reboot . it does run a little warmer than i 'd like though . the firmware is easy to set up , use , and understand , but is n't over-simplified . this router can be as entry-level or advanced as you want . in fact , i was so impressed with the firmware that i 'd rate it right up there with open-wrt in terms of feature richness that an advanced home user could want.if there is anything to complain about , the packet inspection slows this router down noticeably , more so than a cisco soho router would . of course , it 's also half the price of one of those , but the lack of performance makes the savings more of a hassle than it is likely worth.wireless offers stable connections with no drop-outs . the range is lacking , however . my 4 year old wireless-n router covers almost twice the area that this d-link router does . that 's a shame , because the stable operation could have made this a real winner.other than the feature-rich firmware and stability , this router is barely average in actual performance , if not slightly below average . if speed and range is what you want then look elsewhere , however , if you 're willing to sacrifice performance for reliability , then this router may well be right up your alley .
= d-link router
< good router , but not great

> ok , i had to read that correctly , 48 hours ? i 'm not sure who actually would need 48 hour protection . normally , you are going to want to bathe , right ? i mean the stuff is n't waterproof or anything , so you would need to reapply , so maybe it is just a suggestion that this is so strong and reliable it could go 48 hours . i 'm not too sure about that either . i actually put this on yesterday morning and thought , well , maybe i should see after my workout today in the morning if it is still holding up ... .so i did , and though it is a good antiperspirant/deodorant , i was a little sweaty and that was after about 25 hours . it held up well for a full day though , through a kickboxing workout and everyday errands and working . i was not jazzed about the scent though . i prefer something that is less perfumy and something either neutral or something that smells fresh or like something . i generally wear secret and that has some nice scents that seem pleasant without a perfume smell , but the scent did dissipate pretty soon after application.overall , liked it for the protection , might purchase , but most likely will stick with my normal brand . just not enough pros to make me switch .
= not bad , but 48 hours ... .i do n't think so ... .
< not for me

> william styron once wrote : a great book should leave you with many experiences , and slightly exhausted . you should live several lives while reading it.i can honestly say that i lived every minute of this book . i cried , laughed and identified with jacqueline . i felt her sadness , her fear , her heartache , and her fluttery feelings as she got to know swoon worthy lucas . i can say that by the time i finished the last chapter i was emotionally exhausted but in a very good way . easy was an absolutely beautiful story that was beautifuly written with real characters and real situations . i highly recommend this book to anyone that wants to read a great book.ms . webber you deserve some kind of award/recognition for writing this book . i follow your blogs and i know that easy was not easy ( haha ) ) for you in the least as you have said it was fighting you all the way down ... but , i can say with all honesty ( and i 'm sure most who have read your book will agree with me ) that you have done an awesome job writing this book . i can not wait to read the next one ! ! no pressure ms . webber ! ! we will all wait patiently for it : )
= awsome book by an awsome writer ! !
< beautiful story

> this is another classic from pixar . the movie has a fun and silly storyline involving an older man who seeks to fulfill his deceased wife 's childhood dream . along the way , he is joined by a boy scout , giant bird , and talking dog . ultimately , they all realize the need to take on new roles in life and forge ahead . while the story ( a floating house , talking dogs , etc . ) were silly , i found the movie surprisingly mature and emotional . it actually really makes you think about how important it is to try to fulfill your dreams with your loved one while they 're still alive . the first five minutes goes through their relationship and the joy of a happy marriage . it as enough to get me a bit misty-eyed.in terms of the animation , the film looks great , especially in 3d . the animated old man is surprisingly realistic , even bearing stubble after a few days in the jungle . the best animation is in the brief cartoon at the beginning , in which several clouds make baby animals and give them to storks.i 'm looking forward to pixar 's next creation .
= more fun from pixar
< another classic from pixar

> jaws dvdroy scheider plays the police chief of amity island , a resort town somewhere in new england , which is being terrorized by a great white shark ( gws ) .we were just sitting on the beach drinking beer and smoking pot when someone decided to go skinny dipping in the ocean . bad idea ! the excellent music composed by john williams will always make me think of jaws.the police chief , played by roy scheider is suspicious that it is a gws but the mayor , of course does n't want to believe him until it conclusive , which it is fairly soon . the police chief wants to close the beaches , but that would costs too much in economic terms so he is vetoed.all-in-all an enjoyable movie , but not right before you go on vacation at the beach.throughout the movie the gws is anthropomorphized so that we / the movie makers give him almost human intelligence.not recommended for anyone who wants to swim in the ocean . for me it 's swimming pools from now on , baby.gunner february , 2008
= has it been thirty years ?
< the ocean of amity

> a very good movie , cast away , brings to the screen the story of a fed-ex employee who is stranded on a deserted island in the pacific ocean following a plane crash . once there , it is his thoughts of his loved one and of home that provide him with the necessary strength to endure unprecedented difficulties.cast away is a film about human relations , hope and second chances , but most importantly about trust , love , and inner strength.tom hanks is superb in his role as chuck noland , and although the rest of the cast do not have that many lines in the movie , nevertheless , they have outdone themselves with their performances , which are outstanding to say the least . all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ! the setting , the plot , the dialogues , and the music are all good ! in short , cast away is a movie definitely worth watching , as it will surely provide for an evening 's entertainment !
= guaranteed to shed a tear
< a movie worth watching !

> `` terminator 2 '' is a decent sequel to the originalthe terminatorand i ca n't believe that it took me this long to write a review since we watch this movie at least once a year.no plot spoilers from me : the movie picks up some time in future where john connor ( edward furlong ) is now a very rude and annoying teenager , sara connor ( linda hamilton , who got in amazing shape for this movie ) is committed in a maximum security mental institution , and a t-101 terminator ( arnold schwarzenegger , brawny as ever ) is sent back in time along with a very cool updated t-1000 terminator ( well played by robert patrick ) . the acting , action , and special effects are top notch , but the movie is somewhat hampered by weak dialog between john and the terminator , but honestly it is n't that distracting and dialog really is not why we watch these movies.this is a strong addition to the terminator franchise.recommended ! cfh
= enjoyable sequel - recommended !
< decent sequel

> best picture ? humbug ! this film has all the artistry of a `` taken '' movie . the directors wing of the academy were spot on when they did n't nominate ben affleck for an oscar . i could accept the mind numbing sameness of this venture if it did n't play so fast and loose with the truth . it 's a totally disingenuous diatribe whose clear intent is to exonerate the bumbling carter administration whose impotence was never more apparent than in the iran hostage crisis . the makers many sins include diminishing the role of the canadians in facilitating the escape of the six hostages , slandering the australian government , and omitting that on the day the remaining hostages were released was when ronald reagan was sworn in . the left love patting themselves on the back so they can have `` argo '' . steven spielberg and `` lincoln '' wuz robbed .
= the left rewrite history to their liking once again
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i am a fan on jarrow formulas , but i feel that this is one of their pricier omega-3 supplements . it does have a fishy smell , but did n't give me any fish burps . one softgel is recommended per day and according to the bottle , gives you 30 mg cholesterol , 400 mg total phospholipids , 223 mg omega-3 , 84 mg epa , 111 mg dha and 100 mcg astaxanthin . if you have faith in their claim that this has a higher availability than other fish oils , then i guess you wo n't mind that this gives you less epa & dha than other capsules made by jarrow . as for me , i 'd rather buy the regular stuff . i prefer their `` epa-dha balance '' capsules . no fishy odor and higher amounts of epa and dha straightforward .
= not impressed
< good for fish oils

> it took me a while to get around to this in my book pile , but i have to say i enjoyed it immensely . sometimes funny , sometimes sad and all very real and honest feeling . to write such an entertaining novel in a voice so different that you completely understand and empathize with the narrator is a wonderful achievement . i felt myself thinking differntley about things as the novel progressed and felt like i was a completely different person as i became the narrator . my one small drawback to the novel is that i was so entralled in the whole thing that i felt the ending was just a little rushed and i wanted more . a great debut novel !
= a great , engrossing read
< a great debut novel !

> i really did love this book . seth is sexy as hell and possessive in the best way . it 's a sexy book but not overdone . every page is n't filled with every detail of every feeling . it 's seductive and fulfilling and has a great storyline . i loved the characters and the writing . i wish there was a dual pov but the epilogue did belong to seth . i only wish there was a bit more to the ending . it kind of does leave an opening for a second book but it could also be a true ending . either way ... i loved it and would read it again .
= finally another good fighter book .
< sexy and sexy

> gah so many men and so little time ! scarlett in some ways was such a lucky girl , but i would n't want to put my heart through the choices she had to make . with three different guys , each offering something unique to them , you can see why the decision was a hard one . i was glad to see she thought about her choices throughout the whole book and how ended on such a sweet note . there was quite the twist in this book towards the end , but all in all it was a fantastic read ! it was hard to write this review without spoilers !
= three times the fun !
< loved it !

> this kit is great for a really small , perhaps apartment ? , garden . other then that , the plants are so tiny that they wo n't be very lucrative in a larger garden setting . i received this kit while staying at my moms for a while and since that was in florida we found a nice sunny place , but not in the crazy high humid florida heat , to grow it.the kit offers a nice variety of vegetables and herbs , and it is something that i definitely think would make a great `` starter '' kit for any beginner gardener .
= great kit !
< great for a small , small kit

> after the sinking of a cargo ship only one lifeboat remains on the pacific - housing a teen named pi , a hyena , a zebra and a royal bengal tiger . their survival and journeys makes for a winning book which transcends children 's or young adult fiction to provide all ages with a gorgeous , winning contemporary folk story , and this deluxe edition is the perfect gift for capturing it all , using lovely drawings by croatian artist tomislav torjanac to capture key scenes in martel 's drama . a top pick not just for library holdings , but for gift-giving .
= a top pick not just for library holdings , but for gift-giving .
< a top pick not just for library

> the picture on the front of the package is great , it looks wonderful . when i read the ingrediant list , soy , soy , meal , and lots of vegtables in chemical form , i was surprized.after a few days , my dogs guts were stinking like soy , foul poop.i do feed and still feed purina one , lamb and rice to my shelties.i have used it as a winter food for over 20 years . in the summer i fed a more hgigh protien food and supplament with real vegtables.suggest you give this a pass .
= i do not feed my dogs soy
< great package

> i love cashews , but emerald sea salt and pepper cashews have too much pepper on them for me . they look dirty , taste peppery , and leave a burning sensation in my mouth . the pepper takes over completely and there is very little actual cashew-taste.emerald has some good products , like the emerald marcona almonds , but this time i think they are trying too hard to be different . i am definitely disappointed and would not buy this product.ps . i rinsed them off and they tasted fine . ( hardly an endorsement . )
= how could they do this to cashews ?
< too much pepper

> this adds vitamin c and caffeine to your water , which is great for people who are looking for that . caffeine may boost your workouts , and is the daily drug of choice for many of us , but watch out for side effects and do n't over do it.the deal breaker for me on this one was taste . it tastes sort of like sweet fruit punch kool-aid , with a pronounced aftertaste . i strongly preferoptimum nutrition essential amino energy , fruit fusion , a powdered caffeine add-on , or some of the mio products .
= vitamin c plus caffeine , but weird taste
< adds vitamin c and caffeine to your water

> okay , this book was so drawn out it got boring ! ! i did n't think it would ever end ! ! ! ! i really did n't care for ayden . i did n't like her and jet 's relationship . she was a tease . the author has established great male characters so what happened with ayden ? skip book two and go from rule 's book straight to rome 's . i really hope it 's better .
= i did n't think this book would ever end
< i liked it

> funny , sweet , sad , delightful , pick the words and they will probably apply . i ca n't believe i got such a little treasure of a read for nothing . i would have paid to be caught up in the life of theses two engaging characters . they deserve their happy ending and this is not a spoiler , come on the title gives it away . read it and see !
= a little treasure !
< funny , sweet , delightful

> these mag mind supplements do indeed seem to work well . i took them for about two weeks and noticed an improvement in concentration levels . i did stop taking them , however , after about two weeks as i did not want to `` depend '' on them for the effect . interesting supplement that might be worth a try .
= seems to work well
< seem to work well

> i had to watch this film for school , i was very young and i did n't understand everything that happened in the film , but it had a profound impact on me . it is a very sad story but i definetly think all ages/races should see this film so something like this will never happen again .
= movie
< a very sad story

> the movie had a lot of elements that left me satisfied after watching it . all the characters portrayed their roles with certainty . jessica abla , who is already known for her acting skills in action movies , added a little spice through out the entire movie . it is a movie that i would highly recommend .
= fantastic four
< a little spice

> so i am reading along ... loving every minute and ... dang it ... cliffhanger ! i could n't believe it ... i was not ready for it to end . now i have to wait for book 2 ... but x is worth the wait ! ! ! !
= phenomenal
< wow ! ! !

> this is a fabulous read . great second book in the series . this one will keep you thinking and it is so hard to put down . i loved it . ca n't wait for convicted . pleas release it soon ! ! !
= awesome book ! ! !
< great book

> the special effects used for this movie was top notch . very believable ! the lines were soupy and predictable . all in all i 'd watch again just to see the special effects !
= oh boy
< great movie !

> the author did a good job of not delivering the hea on a silver platter . the turmoil throughout the book is so worth getting to the very end !
= great ending to this two book set !
< good read

> very good book and not only did it have romance it had drama and action which was a pleasant surprise . i really liked sinclair and reed .
= good book
< good book

> for a debut , this is a very charming novel . it is also an easy read ~~ a fun story to read while sitting on the back porch , drinking iced tea and keeping half an eye on the kids.lily rescues her stand-in mother , rosaleen , from the hospital and they go to tibrion , sc , to escape from lily 's dad and the townsfolks in her hometown . a peach grower 's daughter , lily has only one clear memory of her mother ~~ the day she was killed . so for most of lily 's life , she has felt like there was a hole in her heart ~~ and longs for a mother to care for her . so this novel is basically a journey into one 's past , facing the harsh truths of reality and finding redemption . lily and rosaleen meet a house full of women , one of whom is a beekeeper . lily discovers her secrets as she tends to the bees ~~ and finds herself growing into womanhood.this is a moving story about a girl on the threshold of womanhood ~~ seeking the truth for her mother and about herself . it is about women bonding together in times of duress and in times of joy . but mostly , it is about lily and her tribulations and trimpuhs ~~ and growing up in the deep south in the 60s just as the civil rights movement began . it 's an interesting novel and one to share with others . it 's definitely a good book club reading choice ! 5-9-04
= very charming
< charming novel

> having already been a fan of 'jamba juice ' , we were excited to try this new product . we are always seeking a somewhat healthier alternative , for grabbing drinks on the go , and this one seemed to fit the bill . first , it was appealing that this one stated that it was 'natural ' , and apple is one of my favorite flavors for snacks , candy etc . one of the first things i noticed is that it was very bubbly and tart-two qualities that may make it best enjoyed ice cold with nice . it is relatively sweet , so the ice may help in this regard , as it helps dilute the sweetness/flavor a bit . given the amount of sugary and other 'booster ' drinks on the market , this one provides a unique , refreshing alternative to the likes of sports drinks ( i occasionally use gatorade fruit punch , vitamin water or just plain water ) if busy , or engaging in energy exerting activities . this product combines an interesting flavor/texture , for those seeking health conscious alternatives-give this one a try , it 's definitely different .
= refreshing , unique change from other fruit/sports/energy drinks
< a unique alternative to sports drinks

> i 've had their pumpkin seed crackers ( the big ones ) and loved them . these are just like them , only with different ingredients , including sweet potato and garlic and parm cheese ! while they are , without a doubt , super crunchy ... .they do n't contain a bunch of junk . also , i buy them specifically because they are super crunchy and thick ( not crunchy and thin ... ) and they take a while to eat . these are my go-to snack for tv snacks ! i can nibble on them for a long period of time and not go through the whole bag . they take some work to eat , in other words ! i just love that about them because cookies or heaven forbid ... cheese puffs ( which melt away to nothing in your mouth ) are too easy to eat.i recommend these for anyone who loves to snack in front of the tv or computer , but does n't want to down a whole bag at a sitting or take in a ton of chemicals and fake colors.sheri gill - writer , mom , mage ! !
= i love these .
< crunchy and crunchy !

> when i saw the commercials for this product over christmas on tv , i have to say , they worked . it was the first time i was really curious . it made gift-wrapping look fun.so when i had the opportunity to review it , i was excited.pros : *the band for the hand is comfortable and seems to be adjustable . *it is now refillable , bringing the cost down . *it is very convenient for one -handed usecons : *i would think that this would be a good product for those with difficulties with their hands due to arthritis or other joint issues . however , the door to open ( to fill the refillable dispenser ) is a little tough , or at least it was the first time . just something to know . *the price is significantly higher than regular tape.in summary , i wo n't be using for all my `` taping needs , '' but if i have a marathon wrapping session , i 'd probably stock up on some refills so that i could use it .
= 3.5 stars -- some pros and cons
< they worked

> i love scifi movies and have probably seen every one made or at least a lot of them . this was one of the worst . i 've seen scifi movies made in the 40s/50s that were better than this one . it was obvious that scott made this movie to capitalize on the success of aliens . the movie is not well thought out , has ridiculous action sequences that make little to no sense . the movie was so bad that i now think scott made it as a spoof of the alien series . there are plenty of other reviews that detail all that is wrong with this movie.if it made even the remotest sense , i would recommend it to those scifi buffs that can overlook ridiculous actions by the crew but it does n't . if you are totally bored , have nothing else to watch , like special effects just for the effects and can overlook anything , then you might consider wasting a couple dollars on this movie .
= boring , ridiculous and stupid .
< not bad , but not great

> again , i 'm disappointed with the new taco bell creamy sauces . i first tried the ranchero sauce , which was not good at all . this sauce , the creamy jalape & ntilde ; o sauce , is slightly better but the taste is still not that impressive . for one thing , the jalape & ntilde ; o flavoring is quite mild and i prefer a much spicier kick to my food . the best way i can describe the taste is `` manufactured '' . it does not taste like freshly made sauce . too much of the sauce is overwhelming , not because of the spicy factor , but just because the bottled taste would ruin good mexican food made with fresh ingredients . i 'm not against taco bell brand i love their canned refried beans and their original bottled hot sauce ) . these creamy sauces , however , have not impressed me at all .
= an ok condiment if used sparingly
< not bad , but not great

> i absolutely love rush and blaire and enjoyed getting to read more about them . rush is one of the best book boyfriends ! and he loves blaire so much you can feel it . great book . we get to experience some very special moments with these two , and watch their relationship grow . rush 's sister nan , is in this book , and she needs to be committed to a mental institute so we do n't have to read about her anymore . such a witch ! but other that her , all the characters were good . ca n't wait to read about grant some more , and hoping maybe he and harlow will end up together . appearances were made made by della and woods , and of course , bethy and jace and even jimmy . you also get to know rush 's dad dean better . great story ! great series .
= wonderful book and series -love rush
< rush is one of the best book boyfriends !

> `` the wizard of oz '' is one of my favorite movies and now it also one of my teenaged children 's favorite movies as well . this is a great family movie that well worth the time to watch and enjoy.no spoilers from me : filmed in 1939 , the story follows dorthy as she is transported from her drab and mundane kansas farm to the magical land of oz . it has wicked witches , a good witch , singing munchkins , a talking scarecrow , a tin man , a cowardly lion , a wizard , flying monkeys , and toto too . this a great musical with at strong cast , including judy garland , ray bolger , jack haley , bert lahr , and frank morgan , and very good ( mostly ) special effects for the time.this is simply a wonderful movie ! highly recommended ! cfh
= truly classic - highly recommended
< a great family movie - highly recommended

> pros : it tastes good , unless you get an unreconstituted dried berry , which can be very sour -- let it sit a minute in milk before you dig in -- the flakes wo n't get soggy ! it has some fiber . the berries are very like fresh berries when they 've been in milk for a bit and there are enough to effectively flavor a bowlful of cereal . it has 5 grams of protein per cup ( not counting any milk ) and 190 mg of potassium.cons : more sugar ( 17g per cup ) than frosted flakes , with a fraction of the vitamins ; extremely sweet , overly crisp/hard flakes ( the roof of my mouth got sore from chewing on them ) ; at best 5 servings per box , according to their measure -- i only got three cereal bowls full .
= candied multi-grain flakes are good for you ?
< good , but not great

> this book is an amazingly intense read that keeps you gripping to understand the lives of maggie and clay . their story is heartbreaking , yet keeps you wanting so much more happiness in such an exhausting tale of what consumes everyone when there is a mental health diagnosis that needs to be properly managed with treatment , love and support . maggie is the glue trying to hold clay together with love until she realizes that he needs more , and what that means for their relationship . great read , the author 's way of detailing their evolving lives and the intricate and expansive way she explains the mental health illness and their young love is beyond exceptional . a few grammatical error but overall a story well told . i am looking forward to the 2nd book in the series .
= amazingly intense and gripping book !
< intense read

> i love these characters so much . this is one of the hottest series i 've ever read . bianca is so very lucky . james is rich , hot , loving , sexy , and totally in love with her . i think he would do absolutely anything for her . her dad is on the loose after attacking her . she went to the police and told the truth about her mom 's murder years ago . she is contacted by her dad 's wife . she did n't even know he had remarried . and the bombshell is she has a half brother living in manhattan . then she is told that the woman is murdered . she is shot in the head like her mom was . can not wait to read next book .
= sexy , hot , and suspenseful
< one of the best series ever

> not only is this a good compilation of songs but from a technical standpoint they have never sounded better . there is no longer a muddled output of the various components that go into each song . each instrument , each voice is now discrete resulting in a more harmonious effect on the ear which only accentuates one 's enjoyment and pleasure of these songs . the end result is that the technical improvements actually enhance the aesthetics of the music . or something like that ! i only know the songs on this cd sound better than they ever did . highly recommended !
= excellent re-mastering and collection of good music
< a good compilation of songs

> with over 1200 reviews of this book , there is really not much more that i can add . i will say however that i am very glad i read the historian . in the past i have sometimes allowed myself to be `` intimidated '' by any book over 500 pages . in fact , i purchased this book and then let it sit for several weeks before finally starting to read it . i was completely engrossed in the story immediately and my interest never wavered . i 'm glad i finally took the plunge . a remarkable book .
= dont ' be intimidated ...
< a remarkable book

> the pooch gave it more than a once over , turned up his nose and scampered away . i was a bit surprised , he barely sniffed it . i was surprised he did n't take to it . not sure if the fairly fragrant , yummy smelling other products have spoiled him . i left one in his dog bed and it disappeared . i 'll assume he 's turned into a naptime muncher . he wo n't take one from my hand to lick now and munch later . he 's just not into these .
= it 's ok
< pooch likes it

> another phenomenal book from ms . sheehan ! ! ! ! ! ! cage , loved him but who did n't , he is a mini-duece . tegen was mouthy as hell and sure could hold her own with all the bad-assed bikers.dirty and ellie , i loved them . i ca n't really remember them in past books but whatever . i wanted more about them ? ? ? ? ? ? ? i could go on and on about this book but i could never do it justice .
= ms. sheehan delivers a g a i n
< loved it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> this is a product i have been taking for about 3 months now.this brand is a new one to me but all in all it appears tobe the same product and the price is much lower than my last'brand name ' . i am taking this primarily because my motherhas taken it for about 1 yr. and had her eyes tested and hervision actually got 2 % better . i have hopes of just protectingmy vision ... if my vision gets better that is just a bonus !
= jarrow formulas lutein 20mg , 60 softgels
< works great !

> this was a great movie as you probaly know . the story follows peter parker through his life as a genetic wonder . he made a couple stupid moves but he turned out a super hero . the only problem is the green goblin 's suit was dumb and peter should n't have turned mary jane down . the end fight was pretty cool to . i give this one 5 stars because this was a great movie . you will like it a lot .
= move over batman spider man is on the big screen
< great movie

> this stuff works very well . spent a week in virginia just last week and it was very sunny and hot . the product goes on smooth and works into the skin quickly leaving no greasy residue . after sweating all day and swimming we re applied periodically . we were left with protected skin that was a bit moisturized as well . it seems to blend into skin and not was off as quickly as other sun screens .
= goes on smooth , works well .
< works very well

> i liked it , not love because of the two strong characters who are always butting heads . what brings two people together is the opposite of themselves so that it compliments their strengths and weaknesses but these two are a boy/girl version of each other . eva is so immature who tends to ignore and run rather than communicate , what 's that about ! ! i do like the alpha male stories but this is exhausting .
= good but ...
< good

> this is tremendous achievement . i had n't read anything about this before reading it so i was , of course , shocked by the ending . despite the shock , i really recall the beauty of the prose much more vividly . some of the passages are stunning . mcewan has a knack for capturing scenes and building tension so slowly that a reader is lulled into comfort only to be roused out of complacency .
= incredible
< a stunning achievement

> this is one of those rush rush get it out jobs and you can tell . the movie is n't even all on one side . there 's no commentary and this is one of those dvds that tries touting the selection menu as one of the `` special features . '' unless you can get this at a discount , wait until the real dvd with real extras comes out .
= great movie . lame dvd
< rush rush rush rush rush !

> i tried this on my hair for conditioning because my hair can get dry from time to time . it left my hair well conditioned and soft to the touch . my hair felt nice . i also tried it on a friend 's hair who is african american . she felt that it gave a good gloss to her hair and made it soft too . she enjoyed the product .
= nice deep conditioner for relaxed and natural hair
< nice product

> this razor is unique but not the best . the tension created when you press the handle against skin is fair but it is so flexible that it bends when it should n't and does n't give a close shave . the blade was n't the sharpest either . i had to go over my face twice where with the gillette fusion , once is enough . not recommended .
= better products on the market
< unique but not the best

> i am not a fan of this type of narration . peaches is telling the story of herself , but takes frequent opportunities to give side information , as if she is speaking to you . the whole dalton thing seems forced and adrian thing seems right for them but not given any real time to evolve . i 'll try book two and hope for the best !
= story leaves me ... .not sure
< peaches is the best !

> i love this stuff , it smells perfect , it hydrates , it protects , but my boys wo n't wear it because it is way too girlie looking and it shimmers a little on the skin . this is super hydrating . it does n't see like the families sunblock , but that could be a plus or minus depending on who you are .
= the boys wo n't use it
< great stuff

> obviously do n't mix . it is an okay movie with great actors . i found myself rooting for one and then turning on him in the end . if the ending had n't been just the opposite of the beginning i might have liked it . i knew the whole ending by 45 minutes into the show . almost too predictable .
= magic and revenge
< okay

> this one is my favorite out the series . elise is such great heroin she does n't take anyone 's crap but at the same time she 's quite but watching and listening . kane is just a everyday type of guy and you ca n't help but go finally when these 2 fall for each other . : - )
= love
< my favorite out the series

> this novella was a teaser to travis and abby happy thereafter . it was too short and left too many questions . the togetherness after some hard aches and pain , ending with joys and happiness . it was nice to read about a love that endured it all . love me some travis maddox !
= beautiful weddings ... ... ... ...
< travis maddox !

> schick hydro razors are among my favorite . they are easy to use , no cuts or scrapes , and give me a close shave . the disposables are no different ! and i can take them when i 'm traveling and trash them before i come home . great company , great product !
= love schick hydro
< great product !

> this is the movie that started off the pirates of the caribbean franchise , and my oh my , what a fantastic movie it was ! the whole series of movies is good , but this is definitely the one you want to check out . two thumbs up ! ! !
= awesome movie
< the best movie of the series ! ! !

> love that it 's six feet in length which is two feet longer than the one i am replacing . and ... the cost is at least four dollars less than any store i have been to . win win .
= win win and is longer which is better
< great product

> mio mango peach flavor is just delicious . calorie free and aspartame free , these little drops can flavor anything from plain water to coffee . you 'll like it !
= calorie free goodness
< delicious !

> i got these for my husband , since i do n't really go for graham crackers.his thoughts : the crackers have a wholesome , natural flavor and satisfying crisp , though a little sweeter might be nicer ; the honey-cinnamon flavor is a little subtle for me . they do n't have the artificial aftertaste some others have . 3 stars from me , as in `` ok '' mine : i like that they are not to sweet . i find most graham crackers obnoxious because of the overly strong flavor and , as he mentions , the aftertaste . because of the neutrality , they play well with other accompaniments like preserves , or even cheeses . 5 stars from me , oddly enough . i do n't like this type of snack , but these were good.this makes an average of 4 stars between us.some nutritional information : ( per serving of 2 full cracker sheets in % daily value ) 110 calories , 20 from fattotal fat 2.5g ( 4 % ) , 1.5g from monounsaturated `` good '' fats that are heart-healthyno cholesterolsodium 130mg ( 2 % ) potassium 85mg ( 2 % ) carbs 21g ( 7 % ) fiber 2g ( 8 % ) sugars 7gprotein 2goverall , the fiber content is pretty high , and the ingredients list is short and simple . no high fructose corn syrup or refined sugars , no artificial coloring : graham flour from whole grains , whole grain rolled oats , evaporated cane juice , safflower oil , honey , raisin paste , brown rice syrup , leavening , sea salt , cinnamon , vitamin e to protect flavor .
= wholesome , mild , and satisfying
< a little subtle for me

> two important elements must be included in adhesive shipping labels , one , they must have sufficient adhesive with no easy way to remove accidently ; two , they must be able to flow through the printer easily , without jamming.the 3m labels here boast a strong stick and satisfaction guaranteed . the 2x4 size is sufficient with enough space to handwrite an address , or to include a 5-6 line address in typed format . the width allows for those 7 digit zip codes we use.they labels are compatible with the 5163 avery templates . it is possible to use another number , provided you test its measurements first . not as popular , but certainly usable is the 3m template 3100 s.i like the labels as they pull off nice and clean when i need to handwrite an address . they have flowed through the printer without a hitch . please note , some home printers do n't all have great capability to run labels through easily . i have used these on a large office printer and a smaller home printer . naturally , more a durable printer does better.if you need the smaller size , try3m permanent adhesive shipping labels , 1/2 '' x 1 3/4 '' inches white , laser , 2000 labels per pack ( 3100-q ) .periodically , i will write on a label , attach to a surface for reminder . comes off clean.excellent labels , easy to pull off , great adhesive , nice and white in color . note , you also have a little cut in the label for grabbing off the sheet there are 10 labels per sheet . ... .rizzo
= nice size for lengthier addresses
< great for home labels

> i 'm disappointed i can only give this book 3 stars . it was a great story and well written . and i really liked it the first time i read it when it was called hopeless . but there is n't much that is new . it 's the same story with just a different viewpoint.the beginning of the book focuses on holder and the death of his twin sister les . we learn more about the events leading up to the death and the aftermath of it . this was all new material and very good . this took up the first 10 % -15 % . throughout the book we have letters written by holder to les in a diary format that gives us more insight on what holder is thinking . this was also new . but the vast majority of the book was the same as hopeless . after awhile i found myself skimming the conversations because they were the same.and as a side note , did anybody else think it was weird that holder was so held up by a missing 5 year old little girl ? i have a hard time believing that a 5 year old forms an attachment that strong to another 5 year old . and this attachment goes on to effect him for 13 more years . he has spent his whole life looking for her and thinking about her . it just does n't seem believable.we also have the addition of daniel who is holder 's best friend . he is hilarious and i ca n't wait to read more about him in losing cinderella .
= same book , new title
< great story , but not great

> with this series i kinda well jump the gun and read the last page before i read the rest , i know , i know naughty me , but hey i need to prepare my emotions for certain rounds of avery vs. sean moments . seriously avery is just cray cray , `` '' no ! stop lying to me ! i ca n't take it anymore ! '' and well marty he just does n't help matters worse , but honestly i think he is trying to mend broken fences , `` i 'm trying to help you . if i 'd known you 'd go batshit crazy , i would have had mel here.she 's going to kick my ass when she findsout that i broke you . '' i must say mel has some great ideas on how to handle sean , `` you tackle him to the ground like a linebacker and shove the ring over his co** . then you say , marry me . easy peasy . '' sean sort of seemed different in this installment maybe he 's finally getting to the point that his girl may just walk away from him , `` eff , and you were with marty , too ? i 'm not going to be able to let that guy walk around with his nuts intact , you know that , right ? '' the cliffhanger was n't so bad in this one , because i have hope that this series will end soon and sean and avery will get their s*** worked out .
= sean your a pain in my arse
< i 'm hooked !

> first , i 'll admit that i 'm more of a dark chocolate fan than a lover of milk chocolate . nonetheless , i 'm always willing to try a good piece of any kind of chocolate.these flat , individually wrapped treats were a pleasant surprise . though a little on the sweet side , they had a delicious creaminess that i enjoyed . the caramel is more of a flavor than a distinct presence in the product . by that i mean , this is n't `` ooey-gooey '' caramel , the `` swirls '' taste like caramel , but have a light smoothness to them as opposed to the usual caramel stickiness.now , when i 'm after a treat , i do n't pay too much attention to calories , saturated fat , etc. , because i control that by using very small portions of any `` forbidden food '' . ( example : the serving size here is listed as 6 pieces . i had one piece , and stopped there . ) still , these are noticeably high in fat ( 16g ) , so if you 're a stickler about this kind of thing , you may have to consider carefully if these are right for you.overall , i 'll enjoy these as a little nibble now and then , removing just one star from my rating because of the milk vs. dark chocolate , and the amount of fat in this otherwise tasty candy .
= creamy chocolate and caramel taste
< a pleasant surprise

> this is a pretty typical sweetened packaged espresso drink . it 's adequately strong , could always be stronger , since odds are pretty good you 'll be drinking it iced . for my taste , it could be a bit less sweet , but it 's not cloying against the coffee , and it 's a nice sugary sweetness.i tried it straight and iced , with and without milk , and liked it all 4 ways.during the summer , i try to brew a big strong pot every few days and keep it in the fridge for iced coffee , but i like this as an option to keep on hand in the fridge for days i run out and do n't want to wait for my usual stuff to cool . it would also be a convenient take-along booster if you 're traveling somewhere with questionable coffee or visiting family members who brew theirs like a weak tea . the flavor and strength is much better than the starbucks instant packets , which are also a decent take-along booster.with 155mg caffeine ( about 1.5x an average shot of espresso , similar to a good cup of strong brewed coffee ) , this has a nice pick-me-up with a low pee factor.for my money , it 's a bit too pricy for what it is for everyday use . i 'm too cheap for coffee at home at $ 2 a pop .
= strong and sweet , a good summer alternative to brewed
< good for a iced drink

> i am so computer illiterate it 's pathetic . i have a new macbook pro and i have n't even made a dent in learning about all the wonderful things it can do . what i do know is that i am able to store lots of music , pictures , videos and documents . i am constantly worried that my computer will crash and i 'll lose everything . my brother hooked up this seagate backup plus to my computer and my worries have gone out the window.i 'm not sure how this works but i am just glad to have it . my brother says that this has excellent storage capability . i guess 3 tb is really spectacular . i 'll take his word for it . i know that we have backed up all my stuff and it has n't even made a dent in the capacity . this is a device that i will use for many years to come . i eventually plan to organize all my family photos on my computer , so it will be nice to have a backup plan should my computer ever go south for the winter.i highly recommend that everyone protect their treasured documents by backing them up . for a reasonable price , the seagate backup plus seems to be able to handle anything i can give to it . this is something you ca n't live without .
= i 'm finally into the new millenium
< i am so computer to use this one .

> my wife and i love crystal light and we drink some every day . we like that they have a broad selection of flavors and you can switch around between them to keep yourself from getting tired of the same old taste . we just recently purchased some of their new mocktail flavors to try.this one is an appletini flavor . we do n't drink appletinis so we have nothing to compare it too but it is not bad . my first impression was that the flavor was a little weak when compared to the other crystal light products . we had just made the mix with cool water and had it with lunch . the next day it was much colder out of the refrigerator and the flavor was much better.we like crystal light because it contains no sugar and caffeine which we both need to reduce in our diets . this product does have 5 calories per 8 ounce serving but that is very low and not an issue for us . each packet makes 2 quarts and each tube contains 5 packets . that means this four pack will make 10 gallons of drink.i gave this 4 stars as it is a good product but not necessarily my favorite flavor but , i would drink it again !
= the crystal light flavor list continues to grow !
< not my favorite flavor

> in san francisco 's grand hyatt mandarin suite , david brandt feels he must be the luckiest person on the earth as he celebrates his honeymoon with his new wife melanie . however , phillip campbell ends that happiness by killing the couple in their honeymoon suite . this is the first crime of a vicious serial killer.san francisco homicide detective lindsay boxer struggles with a dangerous blood condition while striving to solve the difficult case before the killer strikes again . she forges an alliance with three other women ( a reporter , a medical examiner , and an assistant da ) in order to uncover the identity of the culprit without the continual interference of her male superiors and those of her new partners , also mostly men.1st to die is an exciting investigative tale that debuts a new crime fighting team of four females , the women 's murder club . the story line never slows down even with the use of flashbacks and interchanging first and third cases . though formulaic in nature , readers will enjoy the heart pumping plot and root for the quartet of ladies to succeed as the audience begins to learn what makes each of them tick.harriet klausner
= an exciting thriller
< exciting investigative tale

> olivia townsend is trying to get her accounting degree so she can return to the sheep farm and help her dad . she is a good hearted , hard working , young woman . her life is drastically changed when she has a hysterical ( omg lol ) run in with cash davenport.cash davenport is a club owner . nash davenport is a lawyer dating her uptight , obnoxious room mate . did i mention that they are twins ... olivia finds herself drawn to the bad boy in cash , but has been burned to many times to trust her feeling to a bad boy . she also find herself attracted to nash but he 's dating her cousin , a lawyer and way out of her league.i just have to say this book shocked the heck out of me ... the romantic tension is awesome . the love scenes are very hot and steamy . how the heck do you pick between nash or cash ? ! ? ! heck if i know . olivia is witty and fun , i wanted to be her friend . great story and what an ending . 5 stars from tome tender 's review
= totally shocked the heck out of me .
< 5

> i 've been using this razor for about a month now and i really love it . i do n't have any complaints . the serum that surrounds that razor blade leaves my legs feeling super smooth after i shave . you ca n't really tell that the serum is there and it can be tempting to use shaving cream with it , especially because it does n't lather , but once the razor gets wet , then the serum is activated . and you can really feel the difference once you 're dry.the razor goes well over my legs . i am able to to turn it around my legs with relative ease . i did n't have to go over my legs a lot as it got all my hair within two swipes of the razor . i had no trouble in areas like my knees , which can be a little hard to get all the hair removed.so i 'm pretty pleased and i 'd recommend getting the razor for any women looking for something new .
= very nice
< love this razor !

> these jerky treats were a big hit . my pooch has become a treats snob because of this one . he gobbles it up , looks for more and another type treat simply will not do after this one . he 'll come back to reality soon enough because the sample is all gone.6/29/2014 : had the opportunity to try the 11 oz size package . these were not as well received by either the dog or i. the smoky flavor and smell of the smaller package had the pooch coming from all parts of the house looking for the treats while not so with the larger package . the contents were n't as mouth-watering either or eye-appealing . either the novelty has worn off or there is a perceptible difference to the my pooch . i 've actually resorted to cutting them into pieces to mix into his kibbles so they wo n't go to waste.whatever magic fairy dust they sprinkled into the smaller packs need to be in the larger packs too .
= gone !
< pooch loves them

> this is a book that will draw you in and not let go till the very last word . natalie and luke are two damaged people who want someone to truly love them but do not really know how to show it . my only complaint about this is for their issues they move really quickly . that being said it is hot to see how patient luke is with nat all through this book . he just tries to hold her whenever her insecurities rear their ugly head . i also like how this author makes the family dynamic a real part of the story not just an after thought . i would recommend this book to anyone and everyone..in fact if you have not read this do so right away . i will make you believe in love all over again .
= so good
< i loved this book

> these are excellent quality measuring cups . i used to adore the tupperware measuring cups but now they do n't have the nice hole so you can secure them on the top rack of your dishwasher . these cups are heavy enough that they 're not going to flip over and fill with water and they have a nice hook at the end to keep them from moving around and/or falling.the burnished finish always looks nice and does n't show every stinking fingerprint . the ring seems substantial as well . i expect these will end up lasting for generations if the coating on the end of the cups lasts . i have an old metal measuring cup with the measurements stamped on and it 's lasted probably 50 years and i can see these doing the same .
= heirloom quality ?
< excellent quality measuring cups

> i was a bit surprised when using irish spring gear body wash. where was the distinctive scent to which i 'm accustomed from their bar soup ? the scent is pleasant , just different.as noted in the product description , this addition to the irish spring line contains pro-vitamin b5 and eucalyptus extract . i can only assume that 's good . this is , of course , a shampoo and body wash in one , although i tend to stick to using it for one or the other , in this case , as a body wash. it does feel refreshing and , as previously stated , has a pleasant scent . a good product and recommended to those for whom cleanliness is a must .
= refreshing with a pleasant scent
< a good product

> what a pleasant surprise ! i picked up fallen too far because of all the hype for never too far . what a wonderful story and great characters . blaire is a sweet 'good ' girl with a strong character and common sense , although she loses some of that sense when she fall for rush . i enjoyed that blaire was a person who did n't want a hand-out and believed in earning her own way.excellent character development and a great story . it loses a star for being an installment book , which i dislike , i 'd rather the author just write one long book instead . still , a great story and the writer is very good .
= realy nice story
< great story

> omg ... ... .this was one of the best books i have ever read & i read a lot . this was a true love story of a broken man and a broken women who find each other and fall in love . it is a must read ! i could n't put it down . i loved this story of bree and archer and wish there was more . you will not want to put this book down ! ! this book was full of hope , love and a little sadness but it all comes together to be a wonderfully written book.hope you enjoy this as much as i did ! ! happy reading ! !
= best book ever ! ! ! ! ! ~~love~~
< one of the best books i have ever read ! !

> i did n't think this sauce was bad but i did n't think it was very flavorful either . it actually left a bit of a bad aftertaste and did n't seem to agree with my stomach . i love spicy food and there is a slight kick to this sauce but nothing too bad . i think for those that like spicy food this will seem mild to them and for those that do n't normally like spicy i think they 'll find that this is n't too spicy that they wo n't be able to handle it.overall i do n't think this sauce is bad but i was n't loving it either .
= decent ...
< not bad but not great

> gringo bandito hot sauce is the perfect hot sauce for your average gringo ( sassy spanish for american man ) . while i was not entirely won over by the picture of a six shooter-wiedling , a mexican gunslinger outfitted , blonde hair american with sunglasses , i did like the sauce itself . the taste of peppers is absolutely delicious and is not in competition with garlic and other strong flavors . the heat is not as much as i 'd like , but should be enough for the average gringo and it hits the back of the throat nicely .
= very tasty , not too hot
< delicious hot sauce

> ***arc review***what the heck is going on ? ! ? this series is heating up and making me antsy . i absolutely love it . it is constantly keeping me on my toes . sean ferro is m favorite ferro and after this book i know there is so much more to mister moody dark and twisted . i was floored by the end of this one and i keep going over all the possibilities . there are so many ! ! i will be impatiently waiting for the next .
= holy freaking ferro ! !
< i loved it ! ! !

> this tape is really the answer to so many little jobs around the house . you can write a message , a title..whatever ... and cut it off ( just like regular scotch tape ) and stick it wherever the problem may be or to warn people of something . for instance ... currently my door bell is not working so i just wrote `` doorbell out of order '' , stuck it by the door and ... .no problem . i plan to always have this product handy .
= great ... handy for so many jobs .
< handy for the house

> i typically drink my coffee as a latte ( microwave a little skim milk , then use a frother ) , so the coffee is about 1/4 froth/milk . i also use a french press.the grind is a little fine for the french press - small pieces end up making it through the filter.the taste of the coffee is fine to me . the vanilla flavor is light . i do n't love the coffee , but it 's ... ok. not a ringing endorsement , but eh .
= not great for french press
< not bad , but not great

> i like it is organic , you can really taste the pear which is good but the green bean tastes is pretty powerful too but the pear is the strongest taste . it would have been nice to be able to sample the different flavors but the pear and greens is the only one i was sent . it is pretty healthy with 40 calories , no fats , less than 1 gm of sugar so it is something that i would feel good about .
= ok tasting
< good but not great

> dove men+care hydrate post shave balm is great . like others mentioned , it 's a thinner lotion , but if you only use a little bit after your shave , you 'll find that it goes on smoothly , does n't feel thick and absorbs quickly , and the scent is pleasantly subtle . both the hydrate and sensitive skin versions work very well .
= a little bit goes a long way
< great shave balm

> these no-bubble products are touted to be so user-friendly . i have tried several brands . this one was not bubble-free without great effort expended . having said that , my screen is now protected so i am relatively happy.it was not as easy to finesse this protector as the write-up made it seem but it was doable .
= bit difficult to work with
< not as good as the brands

> i brought these into work and my coworkers went crazy for them . they are very crunchy , cheesy and garlicky . very flavorful and low fat/high fiber . would be great with spaghetti or by themselves they are a nice snack- very impressed , will be ordering more !
= crunchy and flavorful
< very crunchy and crunchy !

> oh holy hotness ! ! matt , let 's just say wow . the sex is beyond melting , the sadness is overwhelming , and that epilogue is totally unexpected . ca n't wait to read the next book .
= night owl
< wow ! ! !

> great book . i really liked it . fast easy read . good story line . no drama ! ! ! i really liked the characters . on to faking it !
= losing it
< great book

> seriously ca n't believe how i love everyone of kristen proby 's books ! ! the whole series is wonderful and i ca n't wait for the next one ! ! !
= play with me
< love it ! ! !

> excellent value for your dollar . these labels are every bit the equivalent of the better-known avery labels and produce clear , crisp , addresses for easy and accurate mailing .
= good for what mails you ... or you mail
< excellent value

> i love the book ! need more please ! great writing . i ca n't wait for more from this author ! i liked the story line and charters .
= sexy !
< love it !

> i enjoyed the smoky flavor of this jerky , but the meat was tougher than i care for . i probably would n't choose to eat this again .
= tasty and chewy ... very chewy
< good taste , but the meat was tougher than i care for .

> this is the dirtiest , raunchiest book i 've ever read , and that is saying something since i 've currently reviewed over 250 books ! letty is the lead singer of a struggling all-girl 70 's style rock group . on her 25th birthday she meets shades & has a one-night stand & she certainly meets her match with a crazy night of debauchery involving some sex toys that she uses on him ! ! later she finds out that her rock band is opening for shades & it would figure that he is a rock god with a large kinky sexual appetite just like letty . i read this book because it was on a list of other books ranked for how funny & clever they were & letty is definitely hilarious but so raunchy it is unbelievable ! she is open for anything at anytime & it is incredibly hot just how far she 'll go , further than my imagination has ever gone before . the surprising part about this book is how much integrity letty has about her music & her band . you assume she is all about sex but she has real heart & shades starts to get under her skin in a serious way . but my heart drops when we are led to believe that shades is a typical rock star & is n't spending his nights with only letty . it is tough to see a hard rock chick actually cry & have feelings & i 'm sure she is more surprised than we are . problems occur with letty 's band right when she starts to have a break down about shades , but there is a hea here which is wonderful , a very nice surprise . very unique read but dirty , dirty , dirty ! ! : )
= letty & shades
< letty & letty

> they assembled an all-star cast for this film . they included `` dark '' favorites such as alice cooper and christopher lee . character actors like depp and helena bonham carter . toss in chlo grace moretz , michelle pfeiffer , eva green and a great soundtrack and you would think you would have a great film , right ? they forgot to hire a writer.the film opens with a long narration to give us the 196 year old background , then shifts to 1972. some of the humor involves the typical 200 year old man stuff coming into a strange era . it also had the immature `` balls '' humor . the dialogue was bad . it managed to be campy without being funny . the advantage of bringing the series to the big screen would be the use of great special effects limited by a stage . this was underutilized.this movie was classless . none of these women could hold a candle to lara parker . and if you are going to give 1972 as the year the movie takes place , why would you play music that was n't released until 1978 ? i thought chlo grace moretz did great in her role . gulliver mcgrath as david was also fairly decent . the writing , editing and directing killed this film . wait for the rental.no f-bombs or nudity . weird sex scene .
= needed a writer
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i loved this movie , my husband loved this movie -- everyone i know loved this movie.why ? ? such a great story where you actually get to feel what the chacters are feeling -- raw emotion . the main character , walt kowalski ( eastwood ) , has just buried his wife . he lives alone , a retired ford factory worker for some 50 years . a lapsed catholic who despises the church , and a veteran of the korean war , he is a bitter man.walt hates the way his neighborhood has been taken over by african-americans , hispanics and asians . his new neighbours are hmongs , mountain people from laos , vietnam and thailand . walt unwillingly becomes the mentor of a young asian teenager who lives next door . walt rejects any act of kindness shown by his sons , and then and later is rejected by them in turn . walt is all for justice , and when the shy boy he has been mentoring , and his sister are attacked , walt is determined to even the score.a well preserved 1972 gran torino in walt 's garage is his prized , but there is much much more to this story , and lessons to be learned by all.don '' t miss 79 year old clint eastwood , at his finest !
= clint eastwood at his best
< a great movie

> my whole family tried these , and we think they are ok. they are little balls about 3/4 of an inch in diameter . they do n't taste much like cinnamon . in fact , it does n't really taste like a true cinnamon much - there 's no fire to the kind they use , bet it 's just cassia bark.at first you ca n't taste the apples - because they are dried , it first it 's a bit like styrofoam . once they get wet a bit , the apple flavor sort of explodes- and it is good.no added sugars , and 240 calories a bag/4 servings in a bag . it 's not bad . a bag definitely should be shared . dried fruit has a way of 'growing ' and filling you up . i would n't eat them too fast.my family - we are not exactly health nuts - and i would n't see us trading good chips for these , but it 's a good snack , and one we 'd share with homeschooled friends who are more into organic than we are.diabetics might want to watch the sugar though ! it does n't have added sugar , but the apples and juice supply a good bit and it accounts for a lot of the calories in the product .
= ok , strong apple taste
< not bad , but not great

> the picture is deceiving : this is actually a retail box with a tear-away top with six single serving packages inside . like you 'd see at a gnc or smoothie king . another thing i did n't expect ? the taste . and i really should have known better.this tastes like off-brand cheerios with a heavy almond flavoring . ( this is to say `` not good '' and `` stale flavored . '' ) only my youngest child ( of four kids and my wife ) would eat more than one bite.i 've long since learned to suffer bland foods in my search for healthy snacks and weight loss . i use protein shakes and ( i guess ) cereals like this one to cut out a full meal . at 13g of protein before milk i got a good dose and of fullness and for that reason alone i 'm going with three stars instead of less.for my money , though , i 'd go with a good protein shake or powder to add to a smoothie for meal replacements . this does n't taste good and since it really can only be used one way ( with milk in a bowl ) there is n't a lot of options to spruce it up . mediocre . i wo n't be buying again .
= tastes like off-brand almond cheerios
< mediocre taste , but not a good taste

> i have mixed feelings about the schick hydro silk . i 'm a longtime fan of the schick brand ( i 've used theschick quattro for womenexclusively for about 5 years now ) , and i expected great things of the hydro silk . i 'm somewhat satisfied.pros : *it gives a smooth , close shave without nicks or shaving bumps ( if you use shaving cream ) . *the razor is very easy to hold/grip . *the design is such that the blades wo n't rest on the surface when you lay it down . it also comes with a shower holder . *i love the smooth feel the moisture strips create.cons : *the serum in the moisture strips is stringy -- each time i moved the razor , a string of the serum followed behind . *the moisture strips dry up completely after about three uses . *the packaging seems to imply this razor can be used without shaving cream ( it says to use skintimate shave gel for a `` double moisturizing '' effect ) , so i tried it on part of one leg . without shaving cream , i could feel the blades tugging on my skin.this razor is fine , but i 'll be sticking with my quattro .
= ok razor
< smooth , close shave , but i 'll be sticking with quattro

> i thought this book was acceptable for the length and flow . i did not like either of the characters and their behavior . i particularly did not like that tristan was the type of man who had to be `` held on a leash '' by a woman , in order for him not to have indiscriminate sex with other women . in the time they separated it was probably realistic that he would have slept around but it is not what i want to read about in a hero , it came across as sleazy . in this , i did believe than danika was only setting herself up for failure because a man like this will usually take what is offered then make excuses later ... ... ... a break up , a long separation , ambient groupies throwing themselves at him , any of these things could be used as an excuse . as a book about two such people involved with each other , it was believable , only it was not romantic to me , just gritty and sad .
= 2.5* for this one
< not what i expected

> i 'm probably dating myself , but these remind me of those weight watchers freeze-dried apple snacks , from back before weight watchers became aspertame-infused junky snack empire . there was a tiny ww section in the grocery store , next to the tiny sugar-free section , and little single-serving packets of freeze dried apples . i loved them . and i do n't know if it 's just nostalgia , but i love these , too.these are a bit different in that the puffed apple pieces are clumped into little balls , but they have the same airy , popcorn- like quality and the same crunch . 60 calories a serving , 4 servings per bag , but we all know you 're going to eat the whole bag since it 's essentially apple-flavored crunchy air , so 240 cal a bag , not bad for a fairly generous snack.the only downside is the price . considering i doubt anyone 's really getting 4 servings here unless you have preternatural restraint , the cost per serving is quite spendy .
= just like those old weight watchers apple snacks !
< a little different , but not great

> the great gatsby is one of those books that people either love or hate with no inbetweens . there are many who consider the great gatsby to be the great american novel . i would n't go so far as to say that , but there is no question that it is a great book and a classic piece of american literature . the book evokes a particular time and place like very few writings can . the words in the novel flow together like cool water in a fresh-water mountain stream . however , what i find most amazing about the great gatsby is that even though the novel does n't have any truly redeeming characters and has a plot that is pointless and somewhat predictable , the story unwittingly sweeps the reader into the world in which it takes place so that before one realizes it , the story is over and the book is finished . not very many stories can do that . it 's not difficult to understand why andy kaufman loved this book so .
= american literature .
< a classic

> amazonbasics stylus for touchscreeni purchased this stylus based on all the positive reviews . i knew it would n't be a fine point stylus , but it still did not work well on my motorola droid2 . it 's responsiveness was abysmal for apps like draw something . i 'd have to press really hard and even then it was choppy.i tried this stylus on my motorola motoactv and it was unable to push down one of the capacitive buttons behind the gorilla glass . i was unsatisfied with this stylus overall , even though the build quality looked exceptional . a co-worker said her cheaper no-name stylus worked fine on the iphone 4 , so i think my motorola droid2 just has an outdated screen or the processor is too slow.the samsung galaxy s note uses a special stylus and screen , so it is not the same as this capacitive stylus technology.overall : 3/5 stars , did n't work well on my droid2 or motoactv .
= did n't work well on my motorola droid2 or motoactv
< not as good as the cheaper no-name stylus

> my one beef with graham crackers is that they always seem to go stale within a day of opening the package ( even when we transfer them to a ziplok bag ) . since my 3 year old and i are the only ones who eat graham crackers , we always end up throwing half of a usual packet away . with these fresh stacks , we do n't have the waste , which is wonderful . each little package has just the six squares , perfect for snacking for the two of us ( pair with peanut butter or nutella for a real delight ! ) .when you think of graham crackers , honey maid grahams are the traditional ones that come to mind . the keebler grahams are a little too sweet/cookie-ish and the store brand grahams are simply inedible . i always get the honey maid for that nice graham taste , and love using them for s'mores.great new packaging !
= my favorite graham crackers without the waste
< delicious graham crackers

> harry potter and the deathly hallows , part 2 ( + ultraviolet digital copy ) is the second a final part of the seventh harry potter film . it is a macabre and terrifying film that should be seen with an adult as children even at the age of 11 can find some of the scenes to be a bit frightening . the special effects are amazing and radcliffe , grint and watson play their parts to perfection . it sticks much closer to the book then many of the prior sequells and at times one wishes that the other movies had also been made into two parts . at 130 minutes it is a little rushed at a few spots and i am waiting for an extended version to be released . even so i definitely recommend this film . a strong 4 out of 5 . 4/5 .
= harry potter and the deathly hallows , part 2 ( + ultraviolet digital copy )
< harry potter and the deathly hallows , part 2

> story was cute and simple . there is a lot of sex ! ! almost all their time is spent having sex . wish there had been more `` getting to know each other time '' and more time with suzy being around the family . also , i wanted to know about his tattoos and less about her always playing with his piercings ! ! i would recommend reading untangle me first ! ! ! this is book one of an another series by same author , but the characters overlap , and the couple from that book are in this one as well . i would have liked to have read their story first , if i 'd known.i will not continue series though . near the end , it was almost all sex . i want more story development in my reads .
= cute
< cute story

> the strong spigen slim armor case is well designed , light , rounded , but with edges , hard and thin exactly as much as needed for protection ( below 1/16 inch ) , fits perfectly , not slippery , does not cover anything requiring direct access including controls and dock connector allowing charging while in case , has very functional protrusions covering the buttons and allowing to feel and press them as without the cover , and a very nice surface that will mask marks of use.the exceptionally pretty surface is reinforced and metallic , and does not attract grime , though it can be easily washed in the unlikely event . it is a cheaper version of the luxurious spigen linear metal crystal case and is superior to similarly looking or priced cases .
= strong from reinforement , very aesthetic and practical
< well designed , light , but not slippery

> somehow red 2 seemed better than the the first red . i found that hard to believe , but i think this one is better . it is slick , well scripted , well paced , it has great character depth and the action is intense , suspenseful , full of energy and just incredible . it all works . it all comes together . both red and red 2 are incredibly well made great films . red 2 really impressed me . and i am glad it did . i thought the story was well thought out and developed . all these elements make red 2 an edge of your seat entertainment . i love the cast and the camaraderie . every element works . red 2 is edge of your seat entertainment .
= red 2 is edge of your seat entertainment
< better than the first red 2

> just watched this movie last night and i really enjoyed it . i thought it was going to be more of a zombie horror flick , but really it was about the end of the world and finding out how to survive . it was n't scary to me at all as some other reviewers claim , but it was very interesting and intense . it is slow in some parts , but never boring . i like how they make the infected people quick and decisive , rather than slow and lumbering . 28 days was n't as gory as expected either , but it had it 's moments . if you want to see a good thriller that poses a realistic way the world could end , check out 28 days later .
= this is a thriller , not a horror movie !
< good thriller

> `` sweetheart '' is the squeal to chelsea cain 's outstanding `` heartsick '' .no spoilers from me : unlike a lot of mysteries ( and i read a lot of them ) , this story had a few great twists that kept me guessing right up to the end . i found the character development to be surprisingly good and was happy to follow the story of the characters that were so well fleshed out ( no pun intended ) in the first book . i will say that `` heartsick '' was a better book overall , but if you read it and found it to your liking you will find `` sweetheart '' an enjoyable read.a recommended squeal ! cfh
= good sequel - recommended
< great story - highly recommended

> one of my friends and her daughter are big fans of the switch line of drinks because it feels like drinking hi-c or koolaid etc , without the sugar or high fructose corn syrup that is in just about every prepackaged drink.while it is encouraging to make something out of 100 % juice , i find this to be too sweet . i can taste the kiwi and strawberry , but overall am put off by its sweet taste . i would suggest buying a single or smaller pack before investing in a case of 24. having said this , the 8.3 ounce can would be perfect for lunches without the problems of the bottle version .
= a more portable switch
< too sweet

> i have to say opening this bag of treats really gets my two dogs moving . they are sturdy snack sticks that seem very popular to my pets . one of my dogs has a sensitive stomach and as such has a very limited diet as to what he can handle . giving him this treat at first was a little risky , but he 's been able to take them and not get sick . that 's a huge plus in my opinion . this is a snack we 'll definitely include in the rotation .
= a great treat the dogs love
< my dogs love them

> this is one of those classic movies you just wish you could have watched when it first came out in the movie theaters and you or no one else in the audience knew what was coming ! even if you know the basic story outline complete with the big `` surprise '' and have seen some of the many parodies and copies of the film the original psycho is a very enjoyable viewing experience for any horror/suspense fan . from the memorable music to the perfect casting psycho is truly a masterpiece .
= we all go a little crazy sometimes
< a classic

> this yuban breakfast blend coffee was not very good . if you are looking for something plain and mild , which is so not my kind of coffee , this may be perfect for you . but this just was n't for me . this coffee was lacking flavor . it was bitter and weak . it just was n't what i expect in a coffee at `` breakfast '' . i can honselty say that i did not like this .
= i 've had better much better ; pretty average
< not very good

> it took me a little longer to read since it was a book book , but i finally finished it and loved it . there was parts where i was like wth gabriel , but loved him lots anyways . juliana is a sweetheart , and was so proud of her on the part where she what did to simon ( you go girl ) . overall loved it and cant wait to read the gabriel 's rapture ! !
= lovrd it ! !
< loved it ! !

> i just started taking these tablets , so i really ca n't give a thorough or thoughtful review at this point . there are 90 capsules in the bottle , and i will update this review once i finish the bottle . that will be in 90 days . reviewing the product right now seems a bit unfair to the manufacturer of this product , but then so does amazon vine 's new 30-day review policy.thank you !
= will update later
< i really started taking these tablets

> i feel a flutter in my heart after finishing this little novella i have n't read anything else by colleen but i am moved by this sweet story . i loved the initial lead in to the story then one year later the story begins . i think i need to read more by colleen i love her writing style , amazing
= finding cinderella
< sweet

> i need to know what happens ! ! ! ! ! please forgive him ! ! ! ! i did not expect that to happen , at all and it was so sad and i can totally understand blaire 's disappointment . this was a major cliffhanger and i hope the next book comes fast .
= great series
< omg ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> another great sullivan story . rafe sullivan has seen too many cheating spouses to believe in true love but brooke jansen is out to prove him wrong and help heal his dark heart . so wonderful to meet the seattle sullivans and recommend everyone get acquainted .
= great
< great sullivan story

> these apple clusters contain four servings at 60 calories ( 1/4 cup ) per serving . but , who carries a measuring cup while eating from a package ? one would do better eating a fresh apple .
= two many calories !
< apple clusters

> absolutely love this book ! ! ! ! ! all that i can say is read this book.i know everyone has their own opinion , and this is mine .i loved it and will read it again
= wow
< love it

> i really enjoyed this book . what story and then what a love story ! ! book very well written and worth your time reading it ! ! !
= excellent
< great book ! !

> it really did devour me whole . great story line . beautiful romance . ca n't wait for consumed to come out . left me breathless .
= good book
< wow

> someone to love ... .good book . easy read about two young people that do n't believe in love . but guess what happens ... : )
= someone to love
< .good

> this story was scorching ! erotic and tantalizing . zane & v are even hotter than zoey & kaleb . highly recommend th read
= wow
< scorching hot hot

> my husband has throughout time refused to use sunscreen because he hates how it feels . he says that the grass clippings etc . would then adhere to his skin when he wore it . he is fair and does burn easily . i asked him to try this product for at least 3 days of yardwork . i have used it as well and like the cool sensation and the ease of application.the experience for my husband was beyond what i had hoped for . he raves about the lack of sticky & greasy feeling . he mowed the lawn and clipped the hedges in a short sleeve shirt and not one piece of grass or ivy was sticking to his arms or legs . he really liked how the cool sensation stayed with him despite the hot humid weather we 've had . best of all , he did not burn.we liked the shape of the bottle ( easy to grip and squeeze ) and the smooth application ... no globs or caking . i prefer containers like this that sit on their end cap as you do n't have to shake product down . this is now the only sun screen my husband will use . i highly recommend it . i do plead with banana boat to keep making it ; i 'll never get this man into a sunscreen again after he has bonded with this product !
= rave reviews from a reluctant user : `` it is not greasy ! ''
< great for the price !

> at first i thought this product was overkill ... if you had moisturizer and shave cream , why do you need a balm too ? but upon using it , i was surprised to find that it helps with that burn you sometimes get with shaving . i used it on my legs after shaving and ended up with a wonderfully smooth result.i also tried it on my dad , who has elderly skin that is very sensitive and when he shaves it pulls too hard and leaves his face reddened . this stopped that when applied right after he shaved.the scent is n't too strong if you are n't wearing other scents , but it is if you have deodorant , a scented body lotion , or even gel on . then the smell is a bit overkill . ideal for a man , i think , more than a woman ... he can skip any sort of cologne with this product.the big question : is it kissable ? if a man uses it on his face after shaving , and you kiss him , are you going to get an icky aftertaste ? tested on husband ( not dad ! ) , and yes , there 's a bit of a strong scent but not unbearable . if they made this unscented it would be perfect i think .
= works well for sensitive skin
< not for me

> james cameron really outdid himself with the special effects in avatar . this 3-disc blu-ray release comes loaded with 8 hours of bonus content . the picture quality is superb and the audio is very good . while there is a 3d release this version remains the best for bonus supplements . however , fans with a 3d tv may consider buying the blu-ray 3d release of the film.video resolution/codec : 1080p/avc mpeg-4 | aspect ratio : 1.78:1audio formats : english dts-hd master audio 5.1 surround , english dolby digital 2.0 surround , english descriptive audio dolby digital 5.1 surround , english family audio dolby digital 5.1 surround , spanish dolby digital 5.1 surround , french dolby digital 5.1 surround , portuguese dolby digital 5.1 surroundsubtitles/captions : english sdh , spanish subtitles , portuguese subtitles , chinese subtitlesspecial features : 3 versions of the movie , capturing avatar , deleted scenes , production materials , pandora 's box , interactive scene deconstruction , production shorts ( 17 production related featurettes ) , avatar archives ( including original scriptment , 300 page screenplay and the extensive pandorapedia ) buy this blu-ray ! check the version before you buy to ensure you get the features you want . this edition has held its value well .
= groundbreaking avatar on 3-disc blu-ray
< james cameron 's box of cameron

> i do n't think i 'm familiar with the work of director neil burger , but with `` the illusionist '' , i have been treated to one of the finest period pieces i 've ever seen , rife with style , elegance , and a terrific love story , with more than a passing reference to `` romeo & juliet '' . i 've read the other reviews , and , yes , philip glass ' score certainly adds to the tension or romance , as applicable ( even though he ca n't get away from the arpeggiated mannerisms and repetition , as in `` koyaanisquatsi '' ) . both the photography and production design ring true . `` the illusionist '' is definitely not an action film , though its deliberate pace will not fail to hold you spellbound . the acting is letter-perfect from edward norton , paul giamatti & jessica biel , and rufus sewell 's bad-guy prince is one of the very best i 've seen in many years . the screenplay is well thought-out , layering the many elements involved in the most precise fashion . i really admire this film very much . update : the cinematography was just oscar-nominated today ...
= magnificent in many ways ...
< the illusionist

> the interment of japanese/americans during world war ii was one of this country 's most shameful episodes . there is an original story out there about this atrocity , but this is n't it . the characters are far too nice , and everything seems to wrap up nicely for the good guys . there are several minor characters that are interesting , but the villains are pretty much cookie cutter standard . i give it an extra star because i did learn that there was such a thing as a seattle jazz scene , which i was n't aware of before . the parts dealing with that subject are vibrant and made me want to learn more , seek out the music.to be honest , if i was n't obligated to finish this book in order to review it fairly for the vine program , i doubt i would have finished it . the feedback on this novel has been all over the map , and i think a final determination has to be based on personal taste rather than overall quality . readers seeking a nostalgic romance in an unusual setting wo n't be disappointed , but readers seeking more meat with their potatoes will be .
= very , almost too , sweet , with not enough bitter
< a nostalgic romance

> the greatshield anti-glare screen protector will help reduce the reflective glare you get on the screen when trying to use your kindle fire in sunlight , however you will find it also takes away from the vividness of the screen when using it in indoors . so you 'll find yourself needing to chose which you need more , better view of the screen in sunlight or a brighter more crisp appearance when using your kindle indoors . applying this screen protector to the kindle is similar to how it 's done on most devices , by cleaning the surface then carefully placing it on , while trying to get as few bubbles in it as possible . what bubbles do show up , you use a card to carefully sweep across the surface to work them out . if you 're looking to protect you kindle fire screen from scratches or fingerprints on the glossy screens surface bother you , using this screen protector will also fix those issues .
= will reduce glare from sunlight
< works well , but not a great price

> if you love food that leaves your mouth burning long after a mexican meal , and if you adore the taste of ginger , you 'll love this beverage . over-poweringly- piquant and heavily overwhelmed with the taste of ginger , this hot drink would really warm you up on that cold winter night . i am mad about ginger , and i crave spicy foods that burn my mouth for hours , so i enjoyed this beverage , once . all this said , i did n't love it , and i wo n't buy it . the ginger is overpowering , even for me , almost completely masking the light lemon and honey taste.if you are craving a rich , sweet drink to warm you up , this is not it . if you do n't enjoy mouth-burning delicacies , this is not for you ! however , ginger is very therapeutic for certain health conditions , so this may be a more appropriate use for this product .
= gold kili all natural instant ginger & lemon beverage mix
< ginger is a sweet drink

> i just had the medleys apple walnut and i shovel that up ; ) it was very tasty . the fruit and nuts add texture and crunchiness , and i liked a bit of cinnamon too . i usually eat bigger portion of oatmeal with milk , pinch of salt and small amount of honey to get the energy from carbs in the morning.the quacker medley is just loaded with sugar . there is 19g in the size portion , from brown sugar and dried fruits ( which also had added sugar , why , they already sweet ) . the plus is that there is sugar instead of artificial sweeteners but i would n't recommend that for anybody that watches calories , has problems with high blood sugar etc.also that amount of sugar will make insuline spike up and 30 minutes after initial energy some people might experience sugar crush and be tired and/or hungry again .
= delicious if you can handle that sugar .
< tasty , but not too sweet

> amy and lucas had a wild ride to get to where they needed to be . lucas is an extremely wealthy and extremely arrogant jerk most of the time and that did n't change when his father was doing a little matchmaking behind lucas back . but from the minute he laid eyes on amy he knew he was in trouble . amy was a sweet intelligent young woman that comes from a completely different background than lucas . but she also felt a connection between them . their struggles were with trust and the fear of love . the author did a great job telling their story . i loved the cast of characters . lucas has a wonderful loving set of parents and they only want to see their sons happy . a very enjoyable story . ca n't wait to see what happens with the next book in this series . highly recommend .
= the more alpha the harder they fall
< a great story

> i got these on a whim . i seem to be forgetting small things like `` who sang that song ... or what is her phone number again ... where are my keys ... what did i come in here for ? ? ? '' - - i 'm going to start taking these today and in 3 months i will report back ( if i remember ) .it has been a couple of weeks since i 've added this to my regimen and i do n't know if is a placebo effect , but i actually feel more alert . i am better able to focus on tasks ( which helps my memory ) . i 've also noticed that i 'm not as sluggish in the afternoon . i am definitely going to continue taking this .
= i just bought this
< i 'm not sure about this

> i 've tried a variety of products intended to repel varmints from my attractive and yummy garden patch . the best repellent is a fence or cage that can keep the critters out . i have n't taken that ugly route , and have lost a lot of plants in recent years to rabbit and squirrel foraging . for spot locations , i think products like deer off can work . i found this one to be so easy to use that i got the job done quickly and i did n't suffer any trigger fatigue from constant pumping . the price seems high , but for some plantings , it 's a lot cheaper than replacement . time will tell if the critters stay away . so far , it seems to be working .
= rapid
< works well

> optimum nutrition essential amino energy concord grape is a great way to start your day or give yourself an extra boost of energy before your work out . i really like how well this stuff mixes with water and the taste is n't half bad . you 'll start to feel the energy a few moments after you drink it . there are several servings sizes you can make depending on how much energy you need for your workout . i tried them all but all you really need is two servings . so , if you 're looking for some extra energy before your workout or an added lift to start your day then you 'll want to try optimum nutrition essential amino energy . ask for it by name .
= grape kool-aid tasting energy boost that 's a real kick in the pants !
< great way to start your day

> it starts out kind of boring and sidney will get on your nerves with all her frustations . i had to put the book down a few times and read something else . but it gets better and a little funny about 45 % in to the story . the `` turkey '' is funny ! sidney and peter both have issues to work through.i have never read `` the arrangement '' and i guess this book gives you a peek inside their story with sean and avery . anyway , the storyline was pretty good just the `` wishy washy '' attitude of sidney pisses me off . and the ending was good also . the storyline/humor : 4 heat : 2 overall : 3
= starts slow , ends good
< i liked it

> i was given a few different boxes of tampons to compare them with one another . while i found the sport tampon to be more comfortable i would more than likely use the gentle glide more often than the sport . the absorbency on the tampon was good with no leaks . the applicator and string seemed to be well made . i did n't feel like i was going to lose it . i never really feel comfortable wearing a tampon as it feels invasive to me , but when i do opt for a tampon playtex has always been my go to product . the applicator is comfortable , easy , and there is one , if you understand my meaning .
= comfortable
< comfortable , but not great

> version : u.s.a / region a , b , caspect ratio : 1.85:1mpeg-4 avc bd-50average video bit rate : 21.43 mbpsrunning time : 1:53:26disc size : 28,03 gbdisc size : 41,90 gblpcm 5.1 6912kbps 24-bit/48khz englishdolby digital 5.1 640 kbps english / french / spanishsubtitles : english sdh / french / spanish # feature commentary with director and screenwriter # movie showcase # class # behind the scenes special # from stage to screen : the history of chicago # musical performances # an intimate look at director rob marshall # when liza minnelli became roxie hart # academy award-winning production designer john myhre # academy award-winning costume designer colleen atwood
= chicago - blu-ray info
< movie : 4/5 picture quality : 4/5 sound quality : 4.5/5 extras : 3.75/5

> i continue to be extremely happy with seventh generation laundry detergent . it gets the job done , leaving our clothes clean without any additional dyes or fragrances . it also works well for spot treating stains . i like how concentrated this product is as well ; since just a small amount is needed for each load , a container lasts a lot longer.however , the packaging of this product is horrible for shipment from amazon . i opened the box to find detergent everywhere . it seems like i only lost a small amount from the bottle , but it sure did make a mess .
= great detergent , horrible packaging
< works well , but it works

> just received the pack of ginger snaps today . it sure made the sun shine on a rainy day . my wife and i both had two a piece and both stood looking at one another shaking our heads . the ginger taste is wonderful and the only part i did'nt like too well was they are fairly hard , although for me i like softer cookies . i can take good care of that problem with a little dunk in my coffee and then i also have a spiced coffee . all in all a very good taste and a great cookie
= great
< great taste and a great taste

> the peach tea mio is the best tasting flavor i have tried so far . it is better than the mango peach or the strawberry watermelon . that being said the fake sugars in the drink make it very sweet tasting . i love the concept of mio , but a healthier version , with real natural flavors and no chemical dyes or sweeteners would be so much better . it 's a great concept and a quick way to make water or any liquid a quick flavored drink .
= best tasting mio so far
< best tasting flavor i have tried

> this book is great ! i will read the others but i have to wait becasue i think they are too much for a download . i will be glad when the sale comes in for the other 2 left in the series . this book was crazy . i think that she should follow her first heart and love . not deal with the money man . both are good in bed but pick your poison well lady . i hope she chooses right .
= great book
< loved it !

> everything that is revealed in this book is just off the charts . book 1 was good it had me on the fence the storyline was so far out there , but after good you get great with book 2 and book 3 is totally awesome . totally emotional read that goes up & down . you do n't see several things coming not even as possibilities . the detail & delivery is perfection ! i totally believe in life consequences ... .
= unbelievable !
< wow !

> the first three ingredients are fat-free milk , water and sugar . 190 calories . i think you would probably be better off with a glass of milk , a vitamin pill and no sugar.the taste is n't bad . too sweet and clingy for my taste but that 's just me.i would gain weight on this because of the sugar and fat but if you think it might work for you i guess it 's at least worth a try .
= not for chubby little ol 'me
< not bad

> i picked these up as a treat for our family . they are huge hit - it 's a mix of peppermint patty , orginal oreo cookie and heaven . i like that they are thin - it makes the fact that we ate the whole box in 24 hours ... the serving size is 3 cookies for 170 calories - which is perfect serving with a nice cup of coffee after a long day at work .
= so good - they are gone within 24 hours ... . oops
< huge hit

> wow , rush ... what more can i say . i absolutely love rush and blaire . what a remarkable couple . rush has shown time and time again how much he loves blaire . blaire , wow has she grown up . these two are fantastic and will live happily ever after forever ! could n't wait for this story to be released and it did n't disappoint ! ! ! !
= i love me some rush ! ! !
< love rush ! ! !

> great vibrant colors will really stand out for color coding purposes . made to be removable but they are `` super sticky '' so they should stay put until peeled off . codes are included for both avery and post-it templates . labels are easy to peel off the sheet once printed because the extra label material between the columns is already peeled away .
= brilliant !
< great colors

> okay , i can see where some people may enjoy this , i just did n't . the advertisement indicated that it has no `` taste '' . i have to disagree . i do n't know if it was the bottle , or the caffeinated aspect , but it most assuredly have a distinct taste , that was not pleasing to me .
= not for me
< not bad , but not great

> loved it from start to finish . did not want to put it down . in fact i would have to put daniel on my best boyfriends list . for a free read it was fantastic . highly recommended if you are a little bit big on romance and new love . ca n't wait for tilly and luke ! !
= sexy berkeley
< loved it ! !

> as others have mentioned , these have a very fishy taste/after-burp , and a low amount of omega-3 ( relatively speaking ) . compared to other , similar , cheaper options , i just did n't find these to be a great product , especially for their comparatively low value . not recommended .
= not great .
< low value , good price

> this book was recommended by a couple of authors . to be honest , i am not too keen on the cover - it is quite deceptive . the book is a wonderful read . i am infatuated with angel and his brothers and i love the story behind he and sarah .
= great read !
< a great read

> it 's a cat and mouse kind of book . she would have been a good jason bourne kind of female if she really used her brain and instinct more often . or be able to read people vibe , it was an ok read .
= k
< it 's ok

> i bought this book after seeing an interesting piece on cbs sunday morning . it is highly accessable read that delves into the nature of `` first impressions '' and `` gut instincts '' . it leaves you with much to think about .
= fascinating
< a great read

> ahh ! ! i loved this book ! great story of two people healing , , , excepting differences ! ! i highly recommend ! ! i am off to read book one ! !
= leave me breathless
< loved it ! !

> after many months i finnally saw this great movie . i thought itcould never be better . michael constanies theorys are hilarious.i highly reccomend it for some big fat good laughs .
= a big fat good time
< i

> izzy ( the female lead ) really managed to annoy the heck out me . sure ; she 's been abused by the ex-husband but she treats people so badly at times - she 's bratty ! takes a good writer to make me react like this to a character ... ... so it 's all good . still ... ..izzy sure would n't be my bff . ever.i get that she 's very beautiful , sexy , and all that . she just seemed so 'full of herself ' a lot of the time.i love the security team . the guys are over the top hot . i did however , think it very sad that izzy manages to get cornered by her ex-husband - not once , but twice - and she 's supposed to be kept safe by these security guys who just adore her . first time is when the whole team is in the house and they let izzy answer the front door ( somewhere out front and away from the game their watching on tv ) - by herself . they knew the husband was trouble and looking for izzy . the second time izzy 's main man ( axel ) lets izzy go alone to her bff 's house and he knew brandon ( the ex from hell ) was gunning for izzy.i would n't hire this security team ! aside from these things : i enjoyed the book . i especially loved the hot ex-marines who head-up the security team . i liked how the romance evolved and came together and by the end ... ... .i was all warm and fuzzy inside . i even liked izzy at the end . axel ... ... he was very alpha and hot . loved him too.looks like there will be more books in the series and i 'll be looking into reading the next one . thank you dear authoress .
= good story ... ..bad security team ?
< axel ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ...

> as a terribly forgetful and busy mom , it never hurts to carry a few extra snacks in the car , purse , diaper bag , backpack , or in my jacket pocket . seriously , kids seems to be hungry all the time . when i got the baby gourmet juicy pear and garden greens baby food , i figured it would n't be a bad snack for my kids . ingredients are fairly simple : organic pear , organic broccoli , organic spinach , ascorbic acid ( vitamin c ) , and organic lemon juice concentrate . when i tried it , i have to admit that it 's not bad . the puree tastes like pear and broccoli - it 's a little sweet , but not overly so . the texture is like mott 's applesauce ( or any other applesauce without chunks ) . i did n't like it enough to finish a pouch , but my preschoolers loved the stuff . at 4.5 ounces per pouch , i ca n't imagine giving a full pouch to a 6 month old , but this is just the right size snack for a toddler or preschooler . in fact , trader joes has applesauce in a similar pouch - my kids love those things , too.the pouches do n't require refrigeration , so i just toss them into my bag and we can go out and have a quick and healthy snack while we 're out . the cap allows for the pouch to be resealed , just in case a pouch is n't finished in one sitting . baby gourmet should really consider marketing this towards preschoolers - who can go wrong with convenient and healthy that young kids like ? recommended !
= pear and broccoli-licious
< kids seems to be hungry all the time

> despite the decent special effects and the comparative newness of the film being shown from the viewpoint of a hand held video camera this essentially just an old-fashioned monster movie . for me it only just merits 3 stars and heres why : good points : the held held camera view was very effective in places and did give you a sense of the panic that can occur in disaster situations . the acting was decent and as already mentioned the special effects were well done.bad points : the opening party sequence went on too long . all it was trying to tell us was that a couple had split up and that could have been done much quicker . after 10 minutes had gone by , in what is a short movie , i was beginning to wonder if i was watching the right film ... i accept that you have to suspend disbelief when watching films like this , but this had so many occasions when what happened lacked any credibility in reality ( i 'm talking about the helicopter crash and the girl who was impaled on the steel pole to name two examples ) . i also got fed up with hearing people saying `` oh my god '' every 30 seconds . the hand-held camera use needed to be broken up . 84 mins was too long for a wobbly picture ... .having said all that it is worth seeing , as after the slow start its certainly an entertaining rollercoaster ride . but like i said at the start this is essentially a b movie/monster movie , if you expect nothing else than you 'll probably enjoy a fun movie . expect any more and you might be disappointed
= its a b movie and thats it ...
< not bad , but not great

> halle and riley are at it again , being my canine food product reviewing assistants ! they love this job ! ( riley is a rat terrier , halle is a doberman ) .so , i had two bags of this in two different flavors . the other was a plain chicken breast style . this has a darker appearance and clearly was the top choice of the two . i offered them a smell of each bag , and got their interest immediately.then i set a piece of each on the kitchen floor : this & # 34 ; smoky & # 34 ; flavor was the first one that both dogs approached . of course , they wanted to go for the other too , but i made them wait . the three ounce bag does n't hold much , but the pieces are just right , not too big or too small . also , they were n't gross to touch like some dog treats ( although i always scrub my hands after touching them ) .these are chewy and do n't break into pieces like a harder & # 34 ; cookie & # 34 ; style dog bisquit . they simply look like slices of chicken breast.the first thing i checked was the location : these were made in the us , not china . many many pets have died from poisoning from melamine and other products added to pet treats manufactured in china . we have to support us manufacturer 's for higher standards and safety for our pets !
= `` they like it '' ... .and it 's made in the usa !
< love this job !

> after finishing this book tonight , all i can say is , in book seven all bets are off . i felt this was a fantastic chapter in the series . for me what made it so wonderful was it did n't feel like it was following the same formula of the previous years/books : the opening with the dursleys , arriving at the school , and the `` new '' teacher every year who came with their own quirks and secrets . so much of this book is between harry and dumbledore that i found myself enjoying the break from what was becoming a bit routine . harry has also seemed to mature past the petulant and angry brat he had been in the last novel and has now found a focus for his anger , that allows him to at least have moments with his friends like he used to . the book is darker than any of the previous ones , but it would almost have to be to continue to engage kids who started this series nearly eight years ago and are now transfixed by xbox and playstation . that 's not to say it 's excessively violent , but the violence when it occurs feels right in the context of the story . it certainly will be interesting to see how she wraps it all up . without giving anything away , she seems to have opened an avenue that can lead harry and co. , anywhere for the finale .
= the waiting will be awful
< fantastic chapter in the series

> this fantastic nonfiction account , reading like a page-turning thriller novel , of the great world fair in chicago renders a blood-curdling profile of serial killer h.h . holmes who , like a spider waiting for its prey , lurked in the background of the smoky , pungent world fair , as naive , star-struck women visisted chicago , only to be victimized by this monster . in alternating chapters , we see the ambitious daniel burnham who became obsessed with erecting the world fair as a testament to american greatness . some reviewers have criticized the book 's structure , alternating the episodes of serial killer h.h . holmes with world fair designer daniel burnham , arguing that the two stories are hardly related . i believe they error . the purpose of setting up these two stories , one of a thoroughly chilling man , the embodiment of evil , and burnham , a man trying to bring splendor and light to the world , is to show the range of good and evil in the human animal . i 'm reminded of the tower of babel , the attempt to become like gods through human achievement , a quest embodied by burnhan . the author is in a subtle way warning us to never become too intoxicated or giddy with our great man-made achievements in the realm of technlogy and science because there is this horrible thing called human depravity , which is the flipside of our ambitious nature .
= amazing contrast of human aspiration vs. human depravity
< the quest of babel

> the illusionist has to be one of the most underrated movies of the year . i had n't heard very much hype about it and the trailer did n't really send me running out to see it , but after watching it , i think it was one of the best movies of 2006.edward norton , paul giamatti , rufus sewell , and even jessica biel all turned in remarkable performances throughout the film . the entire supporting cast steps up as well . the cinematography was equally stunning , as was the story , which stays intriguing until the very last frame.the illusionist is a romantic drama , a thriller , a mystery , and a period piece all in one , and it never leans too heavily on any of the genres in order to skate by . it lives in all these realms , but it also lives in its own independent category.the special features on the dvd were pretty meager : a making of featurette , and then a `` jessica biel on the illusionist '' featurette that was really just the same comments she made in the making of featurette edited down to a shorter version . the film itself is so amazing that the dvd does n't really need any extras , although it would be nice to get a more in depth look at edward norton 's preperation for the role , and the magicians that trained him .
= if you have n't seen it , you 're definitely missing out
< one of the best movies of the year

> approaching age 60 , and suffering from common deteriorating eye performance , this supplement is right up my alley . after a little over a week , i think i am already seeing some improvement in reading performance and night vision . the long term benefit is pretty widely accepted on this stuff.the lutein in the jarrow formulas supplement is extracted from marigold petals , and purportedly supplements the body as an antioxidant , acting in much the same manner as spinach ( an excellent vegetable choice ) . lutein specifically combats aging and degeneration of the macula ( delicate light/color sensing area in the rear wall of the eye ) . as a general tissue health enhancer , lutein is also believed to enhance cardio and skin health and complex tissues such as cervical and breast tissue.each medium size and easy to swallow jarrow 's softgel contains 20mg lutein . recommended dosage , one per day.contains no gluten , nuts , dairy , shellfish . interestingly . . . i have gotten used to always seeing a boilerplate warning on jarrow formulas supplements containers warning pregnant women , people under medication , etc . however , there is no warning of any kind on this container.jarrow has an excellent reputation . lutein has widely recognized benefit and this deserves to be a key item on my vitamin shelf .
= an outstanding eye-health supplement
< jarrow formulas lutein

> toula portokalos is 30 , greek , and works in her family 's restaurant , dancing zorba 's , in chicago . all her father gus wants is for her to get married to a nice greek boy . but toula is looking for more in life . her mother convinces gus to let her take some computer classes at college making him think it 's his idea . with those classes under her belt , she then takes over her aunt 's travel agency again making her father think it 's his idea . she meets ian miller , a high school english teacher , wasp , and dreamboat she had made a fool of herself over at the restaurant ; they date secretly for a while before her family finds out . her father is livid over her dating a non-greek . he has to learn to accept ian ; ian has to learn to accept toula 's huge family , and toula has to learn to accept herself . `` my big fat greek wedding '' is a wholesome and very enjoyable movie , with a lot of funny moments , that the whole family can enjoy .
= my big fat greek wedding
< my big fat greek wedding

> book # 41 read in 2013gone girl by gillian flynni do not think i have ever read a book that had as main characters such unlikable people as this book did ; nick and amy are nasty . that being said , this book was like a train wreck and i could not look away ; i had to keep reading to find out what happened . on their fifth wedding anniversary , amy goes missing . shortly thereafter , the police and the media are looking at nick as the person who made amy disappear . he had cheated on her , emotionally withdrawn from her and , according to amy 's found diary , physically abused her at times . but did nick really kill her ? this book had tons of twists and turns to keep readers engaged . i was rooting for both nick and amy to get their just desserts . this was a good mystery and i recommend it . it seems to be one of those books that people either love or hate ; i was more on the love side. [ ... ]
= gone girl
< good mystery

> i read this book in high school and thought it was okay . i decided to read it again as an adult and see what i thought of it ( something about going back and reading the classics ) . turns out that i liked it more as an adult but found the story to fall short . at the end you ca n't tell if the main character was tortured , turned or just dreaming . i felt like the first half was really slow , the middle was fantastic and the last bit was just over before i could get my mind around what had happened . i really wish that it could have ended differently . still worth reading through.the story is about the year 1984 and the hell in which people live in . countries are always at war , but whom they are fighting keeps changing . things that big brother does n't like are just erased . whole histories , whole stories , are whipped as if they never were . people live in hunger and fear of big brother .
= 1984 is still a possibility
< okay

> compulsively readable and full of vivid set pieces , this novel truly owes a great deal to the epic horror fiction of stephen king , and to the multitude of apocalyptic visions that have become part of our cultural landscape ( the stand , i am legend , 28 days later , the road , anything with a zombie ... , even the mist ) . yet there are many , many reasons why this novel rises above so many other bleak stories in this genre . the characters not only evoke empathy , but have rich , varied histories that draw you in . the `` virals ' '' origin - a complicated , somewhat muted genetic experiment in terror - thrills with its wildly imagined premise . and the action sequences , pitting these unspeakably horrific creatures against a small but brave collection of winning characters , will have you flipping pages one after the other , in a cold state of shock . a fantastically rendered summer blockbuster that begs for its coming sequels .
= engrossing
< the road of the apocalyptic

> this movie is so much a part of american childhoods , that i ca n't even imaging someone consulting reviews to see if it 's a good movie or not ! if you are american -- or have an interest in american culture -- and you 've somehow missed seeing this , do yourself a favor and buy it immediately . the first true american fairy tale , wonderfully done with an awesome cast . if you are reading reviews , though , i imagine you want to know about this edition . it 's very good , in my opinion . i love the cover art . the picture is clear , sound is good . and the extra 's are good . i enjoyed the biographical information about the author , and i enjoyed viewing the earlier silent production of the wizard of oz . very interesting to note the similarities and influences from it to this famous ( and impeccable ) judy garland version .
= must-see american classic . interesting extras on this edition .
< a good movie , but not great

> usually i use the avery brand of labels , and when these came i was so excited to see that they have printed the compatible avery label number right on each sheet . these particular labels correspond to avery 5160. this makes it so easy to use with microsoft word.another plus for the 3m brand is that the labels are on the page but there is no sticker `` border '' around each label . i like this feature because it makes the labels pull off smoother . it also seemed to work well in the printer . none of the labels came off mid print , which you might think would happen . this was not the case . i prefer these sheets to the avery sheets for this reason.the color was a nice bright white , the adhesive is great , and it worked with my labels i had saved on the computer in an avery format .
= great laser labels ! perfect for addresses .
< easy to use

> i am a new fan of jodi picoult books and really enjoyed this story for many reasons . to begin with , taking a topic such as genetic engineering and giving it a real-life ( not sci-fi ) take was wonderful . in anna , we meet an old soul that was given life for the express purpose of saving her sister . in that way , the ending is wonderfully fitting -- although it was not what i had expected . the tale was woven into a fabric of a total story from the threads of each character 's point of view . if you are looking for a book club read or perhaps a novel for a young-adult/high school club , this is full of many topics for discussion . loss , anger , fear ; even teen angst , using designer genes , legal aspects/rights of patients and children , it 's all here .
= expect the unexpected..
< a great book for a young-adult/high school club

> this product is designed to remove fingerprints and smudges , if you never clean any of your devices and smear your breakfast on them every morning then do n't expect miracles . microfiber cloth and special spray will work better on those issues but for daily clean up of your phone , your laptop screen , tablet etc . this will work , it 's a fun little product that will take care of most screen issues . it works well in combination with the cloth you can get at an eye store or computer store to get a deeper clean if you 're cleaning a large tv screen for example , overall it 's a good item to have , i use it daily to prevent buildup and it only takes a few seconds to slide through each screen i 'm using .
= good little item for screen maintenance
< works well

> i rate this book a 4 stars because i wanted it to be better than it was . i loved jonah and his love for raven . he would do anything to love and protect her from harm right from the beginning . raven has a big heart especially coming from her life growing up . she has very low self esteem which is understandable but i got tired of her crying throughout the book . i just wanted her to be stronger and not so naive to life ( especially coming from her background with her dad being a well known pimp/gangster and her mom is his prostitute ) . do n't get me wrong i still loved their love story and even the drama it carried but i felt like it was missing something to be a 5 star rating .
= missing something
< loved it !

> i 'm just about done reading this book for only the second time in my life and i still love it . what a rich world tolkein created . the only problem i would have with this story is that the bad guys , the orcs , the nazgul , the black riders , and so on , are pretty much two dimensional . it may not have gone well with the flow of this story , but it would have been nice to see more richness in their characterization . that 's a small pebble of gripe in the ocean of creativity though . a wonderful tale ... and i hope the film will be as good if not better .
= wonderful story
< a great story ...

> these arrived just in time . my last purchase of the incredible dr kracker 's goods were the pumpkin seed cheddar.the last crumb in the last box is gone . in my review i confessed a great love for the good doctor.the love affair continues.known for packing a huge wallop of crunch , these tasty morsels are 100 % dr k. enough crunch to make the unsuspecting person next to you jump out of their seat.and if you like garlic , these are over- the-top garlicky . i snarled down half the bag with some swiss cheese spread , ooooooo la la ! all the varieties are good , loaded with good seeds and cheeses . this is crunch nirvana .
= another love letter to the doctor
< crunch la la la la la la la la la la la la la la

> even though ms. anne uses a lot of narrative , which means there 's more tell than show , this book was an okay read.i do n't normally enjoy stories where the major conflict could be resolved with a five minute conversation , but putting that aside , i enjoyed the characters and their story . i tend to be a sucker for stories where the two protagonists reconnect after a long absence.i ca n't see myself reading more of ms. anne 's work , though . they seem to all be based on assumptions which could easily be confirmed . not my cup of tea .
= satisfying , even with too much narrative
< not my cup of tea

> i am a big fan of this author and all of these books in this series have been one hit after another . rock my world is no different . the emotional connection between aubrey and zach is off the charts . i like how you get to see what aubrey 's parents are like and though zach wants her to stay connected to her family i think he sees that every family has flaws . this book has the emotional connection that will keep you with this book from the first to the last word . i would recommend this book to anyone .
= so so good
< another great book by aubrey

> honestly , this product sat in my fridge for a couple of weeks before i tried it . i was afraid that the taste would be either too sweet or too bizarre and that i would get a reflux flair up . what a pleasant surprise ! i love it . the tea is just sweet enough without being cloying , and there was no acidic aftertaste . i really enjoyed the aloe bits - what a cool texture surprise . i will definitely buy this product on a regular basis . i hope amazon adds it to their subscribe and save program .
= refreshing and delicious
< love it !

> 4.5 , wow what a great book . i did n't even realize that this book was done in parts . the first three about each guy ( adam , damien and marc ) . this book grabs you and draws you . i cant wait to read the other books to see how each soldier has their hea . this book does not have any hea its pretty much a back story of these guys to set you up for the rest of the series . personally i 'm really liking damien .
= loved it !
< great book

> this is a fairly good film about a mother ( nicole kidman ) raising two light-sensitive children on her own during world war 2 and her efforts to protect them from the 'others ' ( who appear to be ghosts/poltergeists/apparitions ) the story is nicely paced , and the twist ending was well-delivered . you get hints of it through the film , but it is n't blatantly obvious or anything , leaving us with a rather nice twisty ending . overall a good film and worth watching .
= interesting film
< good film

> this awesome solar panel , with everything you need to plug it to your car battery , acts as the best current supply to keep the battery fresh after long disuse . the price for this at amazon is about half of what i saw in other websites ( google it yourself . ) its polycrystalline structure must have helped reduce the cost of manufacturing , and the efficiency is enhanced by the use of sliver of silver for the conductive layer .
= excellent price point for an excellent product
< awesome solar panel , but not the best

> this is one movie that i think everyone at some point must see . in the peak of the second world war , oskar schindler believes he can use a war that takes away millions of lives and a nazi regime that murders millions of innocents , to make a profit . he soon begins to see the atrocities for what they really are . slowly he begins a list , a list that will save many .
= unforgettable tale of hope and tragedy
< the best movie of the year

> i love bosch wiper blades . the installation is always quick and simple , and the quality of the blade is incredible . these blades do a great job of wiping the windshield without leaving streaks . they 're not too noisy either.i 've been using bosch blades on my pickup truck for a couple years now . replacing the blades on my wife 's car with bosch blades was a no-brainer for me .
= great blade
< great product

> i wish georgia cates had n't have emasculated jack henry . losing his man card was cruel . he was a strong character in book 1 but in this book laurelyn wears the pants . was n't a fan of the lost puppy , sappy jack and laurelyn was too irrational , so the series lost it 's favour with me .
= sadly ... disappointing .
< not bad

> this 3 disc collection of avatar is a must have for all fans . this movie is great i 'm glad that i did not buy the single disc . this 3 disc edition is awesome . this movie takes special effects to a whole new level . this movie is great
= welcome to pandora
< awesome movie

> i mean seriously i was waiting and waiting for this book to come out.. and it was so worth the wait ! ! the love between jake and tru is so great ! ! i wish there was more ! !
= wethering the storm
< omg ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> the bottom line : a capable adaptation of the always-interesting , sometimes-brilliant firefly , serenity benefits from chiwetel ejiofor 's exceptional villain and whedon 's wry humor ; it 's not a classic , but it 's an effective movie .
= 3 stars out of 4
< 3 stars out of 4

> loved this story from the very beginning . wonderful story that has you feeling warm . would read more of chelsea cameron .
= feel good love story ! ! !
< great story

> i love chocolate chip cookies . i love chips ahoy ! chocolate chip cookies . so , chips ahoy ! chewy gooey chocofudge chocolate chip cookies should be just about perfect , right ? wrong ! ! ! chips ahoy ! chewy gooey chocofudge chocolate chip cookies truly could not be more disgusting . the cookie is mushy not chewy , the taste is like cardboard , and the chocolate fudge smells and tastes medicinal . they are not at all sweet . they are tiny , highly caloric , and have a strong , weird aftertaste.i 've offered samples of chips ahoy ! chewy gooey chocofudge chocolate chip cookies to just about everyone who has entered my house in the past few days , just to see if it was me or if it was really the cookies . it really is the cookies . my family ( husband and kids ages 6 and 14 ) were not impressed . friends and neighbors were equally disappointed . the best thing my kids said about chips ahoy ! chewy gooey chocofudge chocolate chip cookies was that they tasted like kellogg 's nutri-grain cereal bars . now , that may very well be , but i ask you : who wants their chocolate chip cookies to taste like dry , low cal cereal bars ? not me , that 's for sure ! it is possible that the packaging and shipment may have contributed to the disastrous taste and texture of these chips ahoy ! chewy gooey chocofudge chocolate chip cookies . these cookies were shipped to me , cross country in 100 degree weather . they sat in my broiling mailbox for most of the afternoon . but , come on , if you are going to offer a product that you ship nationwide or worldwide , then it needs to be able to stand up to any and all possible conditions . hey , nabisco , you need to seriously rethink this product . not recommended .
= ick !
< chips ahoy !

> `` schindler 's list '' is one of the greatest holocaust movies made . its intensity is enough to catch the audience 's hearts . however , this is also one of the saddest movies because this actually happened , and so many people died . steven spielberg directed and produced this movie wonderfully . his every drop of energy is seen in every scene . he presents the facts about the holocaust and oskar schindler exactly . such graphic scenes give the crew tremendous respect for showing such details that few would dare . the movie 's quality deserved all eight oscar wins , including best picture 1993.the screenplay was written wonderfully . such quality allows the actors to portray their roles to the fullest . the writers give every scene the brilliance and emotion , though most of them are sad . understandably , the emotion may make the audience cry . the movie sets were crafted wonderfully , giving the realisms of the times . most of it does n't look elaborate , but the construction took many months . that time paid off . the original score was composed very well . the music follows every event exactly . the acting was magnificant . liam neeson ( oskar schindler ) and ralph fiennes ( a nazi troop ) deserved their oscar nominations for best actor and best supporting actor . their research through the events and their characters are presented in every scene . all the other actors , major and extra , are also great.those who are sensitive to graphic nature may not want to watch this as it may upset them . otherwise , this is a great movie for those looking to remind themselves of certain historic times . behind the gore , the blood , the murders , the violence , etc . is one of the greatest movies in cinematic history and one of steven spielberg 's best works .
= one of steven spielberg 's best
< one of the best films made

> i 've noticed that several reviewers marked this down for being full of chemicals , why i 'm surprised by ; it 's easy enough to check the ingredient list for this and not purchase it if you 're adverse to a product that has ingredients you do n't like.that being said , i 've been using the concord grape pre-workout for about a week or so , and i really like it . the grape taste is n't too overpowering ( it sort of reminds me of kool aid ) , and i 've mixed it in both water and soy milk ; it mixes up well in both , and is n't powdery.i definitely feel like it helps me power through tough workouts more easily . i use it before both cardio and weight workouts , and do n't feel as tired as i usually do by the end of my workout.also , this does contain caffeine , so be careful if you 're sensitive to it . since i usually drink this by noon , it has interfered with my sleep at all . i 've also read in several articles that imbibing caffeine before working out helps with energy , so that may be part of why this product provides help in the stamina department.if you have a sensitive stomach , as i often do , this product should hopefully sit well with you . since you need about 10-12 ounces of fluid with it , i usually drink it about 10 minutes before working out since i do n't want to feel it sloshing around in my belly.overall , i 'm glad i had the opportunity to try this , and i will most likely re-purchase when i 'm finished with it . on whey proteins are my favorite protein powders , and i 'm glad that i can add this product to my workout arsenal , too .
= grape tastes good and helps energize
< i like it

> oh , this was sooooooooo good ! you know how sometimes a story is great but just goes too quickly & at the end your left slightly dissapointed because you have unfinished business with the book ? not this one ! j.r. ward just keeps pulling you back & at close to 450 pages you get everything you need for your book fix.rhage , introduced to us in dark lover , lives with a curse . a dragon beast is trapped inside him and makes him become a wild changling uncontrollably . the only thing that holds it at bay is sex & violence . this has made him a legend for brawling & babes within the vampire community . but he just feels empty . until he meets mary ... mary only goes to the weird compund of the black dagger brotherhood because her neighbor needs her to act as a translator for a mute boy the two know . but this huge gorgeouse blonde guy just keeps following her home like a puppy . he 's great but does she want to get involved when her leukemia is coming back ? from their first date at tgif 's to their struggle for mary 's life , you will become obsessed with this couple who so desperately need each other . rhage is so masculine but sooo cute & needy with mary . the other brothers stories are also continued & the next book , lover awakened , already starts in this book as zsadist starts falling for bella , mary 's vampire next door . this novel is not to be missed ! !
= loved it !
< i 'm in love with rhage ...

> with over 3000 reviews , it 's all been said . i had never heard of firefly . nothing . nada.then i watchedserenity . yes , i am a serious science fiction aficionado ( mostly books ) , but i do n't watch broadcast television . so serenity was a new story to me . great movie ! but then i learned that it was based on ... firefly ? `` what 's that ? '' i asked . `` serenity , '' was the reply.so i finally got around to experiencing firefly , the complete `` incomplete '' collection . the show was canceled during its first season , so this collection even has three episodes that were n't broadcast . now i know what `` serenity '' means . as far as the `` american space western television series , '' you do n't get this flavor in serenity , but it is there in firefly.so i 've watched serenity , the movie . now i 've finished firefly , the series . and next ? what else ? serenity , the movie , again ! ah , anticipation ... firefly is not an `` in your face '' series that makes everything clear in the first episode . what was shepherd 's story ? how was river going to be `` outed '' in the series ? does jayne ever think of a person other than himself ? does kaylee ever find true love ? does firefly ever stick it to the alliance ? i can just envision the pent-up demand for firefly 's fans to get their questions answered !
= like most of you , i wanted more !
< i 'm a fan of the series ...

> this works great . it taste ok - it 's not a caribbean cocktail but it 's not bad - and it 's nice to know that it is sweetened with stevia and not nutrasweet , because nutrasweet just gives some of us jerky legs and would be horrid in a sleep cocktail.it has 5-hydroxytryptophan in it , which is a the intermediate metabolite of l-tryptophan . the military was using this for sleeping pills back in the 80s before there was the problem with it . as it turns out , the l-tryptophan was fine , it was just your typical contaminated supply that was the problem . this has 3 different natural type sleep aids in one.when i tried it , i fell asleep in about 20 minutes but usually i would have went to bed and stayed awake for another 2-3 hours . about an hour or two after i took it , some police chased some teenagers onto our property , and there were flashing lights and flashlights shining in our bedroom and my son thought the cops were trying to arrest him so he came running in the bedroom . i like to have never woke up - and usually i am a super light sleeper . we had to get up because of everything going on , but after they all left , i could not wait to get back in bed and do n't even remember going ! i slept like a rock . i would normally be up for hours after excitement like that ! i think everyone with insomnia should at least try it .
= works great , is more than just melatonin
< works great , but not a caribbean cocktail

> this is the story of maggie fitzgerald , played masterfully by hillary swank , who enjoys boxing and wants a shot at the title . what sets maggie apart is described as her `` heart '' or her eagerness to win and inability to step down.directed and also starring clint eastwood , he plays boxing coach frankie dunn , who at first vows to never teach maggie ( due to the fact she is a girl ) but then caves upon the pressure of her persistence.this also has morgan freeman in the supporting role as eddie dupris who is frankie 's best friend and right-hand man in everything . he also narrates the movie.these three actors have fantastic chemistry . they worked well together and hope that many academy awards ( next week ) are awarded to them for what they have pulled together . they did n't go for cheap laughs and high costing special effects and this turned out to be a fantastic movie.fantastic ... until the end . the problem with the this movie is that the main character , maggie , goes against her nature . in the end , she turns out to be a quitter.also , it is hard to believe that a movie could be made like this after what happened to christopher reeves and his overwhelming determination.so , if you love fantastic acting then you 've got to check out this movie . however , be prepared for the last third of the movie . it made me disappointed ( and i dropped two stars because of it ) .
= phenominal acting , horrible ending
< a fantastic movie

> first and foremost let me begin by saying that there are a lot of issues that a lot of people in today 's world hide covered in this book . i applaud j.b. salsbury for bringing these issues out in the book . when we first meet blake in the first book and in the first part of this book , he is like a total manwhore . sex seems to be the answer for him . sex with one or sex with multiple partners . i do n't care for this trait of his . once he meets layla , he will change . layla has issues of her own to contend with . i love that she does n't take his crap , and she basically can give as good as she gets . both characters have gone through so much in their past . their journey is one that will send you on a roller coaster . i have to say that the secret room had me baffled for a while . but , what it turned out to be was a nice surprise . once blake found love , he loved with everything that he had . the age difference kind of turned me off , but i tried to read without thinking in terms of age . i also despised the ex . he got what he deserved . i ca n't wait for the next book in this series to see where rex and his interest will go .
= roller coaster with issues ! ! ! ! !
< loved it !

> i was very skeptical of this . i have been using the same deodorant for years now . every now and then i would give another a try and hated it.so , when i had the opportunity to check this one out , i jumped.let me say , i work out and i do sweat ... no , not a ladylike thing to say , but i do.i really like the applicator . it is almost a solid , sort of , and you twist the bottom and it dispenses just the amount you want . unlike my other deodorant that was a gel with the same twist , sometimes when i picked it up , i would accidently twist and when i took off the lid , there was a glob there.i do like the fragrance also . when i worked out , i did notice a little more wetness than i had with my other one but nothing earth shattering . and ... bonus ... when you sweat , you do notice the fragrance of the deodorant , which is light and clean smelling . i really like this and i think i am going to add this to my collection . it is the only one that i have tried besides my regular one that actually works.it is easy to grip even when your hands are wet and easy to twist.i really do like this product .
= almost perfect
< i like it

> this book is somewhat like an excellent meal -- it starts out with a light appetizer in which the reader is introduced to amir the insecure son of baba , a wealthy man , and his best friend , hassan whose father is baba 's servant . the reader is given an inside look at afghan culture , including the delightful description of the kite-flying contest in which the last one with a kite in the air is the winner and the kites which are cut and fall to the ground are prized possessions for the `` kite runners '' . a tragic and violent incident brings on the heavy , main part of the meal , and the lives of the two boys are changed forever . unspeakable guilt and long-kept secrets work to undermine the happiness of the main characters . the dessert is the sweetness of repentance and redemption , which comes at great cost to some of the characters . the author uses the background of 30 years of political unrest in afghanistan as a setting for characters whose lives are likewise torn up and re-invented . this is a wonderful book which i highly recommend .
= a hugely satisfying read
< excellent book

> i 've had a variety of fruit bars over the years and this is definitely one of the worst . it does n't have a great deal in the way of good flavor and it 's over burdened with cashews and walnuts ( neither of which i like ) . the labeling makes great hey out of the fact that it 's not got gluten , does n't use gmo 's , has no cholesterol , no trans-fats , and that the blueberries used therein are raw . because , you know , mankind was doing fine before we actually started cooking our foods.beyond the hype of the product , there 's not really anything worthwhile here , and lord help you if you have a nut allergy . this thing just did n't taste good and i ca n't say as though i have any interest in ever eating any more . put it this way : when i first opened the box i was a little disappointed to see only one bar therein instead of a pack of twelve . now i 'm just relieved .
= a mediocre fruit bar
< not bad , but not great

> move over , blade : there 's a new girl in town . kate beckinsdale plays a vampire assassin who kills werewolves in an ongoing , ages-old feud between the two groups of nightime dwellers . although she is a member of a clan , she does n't really feels she fits in , and spurns the affections of the young and handsome next would-be leader of her clan . the only one she has complete respect and adoration for is her ancient sire . things start to change when she finds out more about the true reason the two groups are fighting , and falls in love with a human caught in the crossfire . this relationship lends a romeo & juliet aspect to the film.set in a modern romanian city , underworld is an orgy of extremely violent action between the decadent vampires and the spartan werewolves . supercool , with great acting , gorgeous sets , and kb in a skintight leather suit with kool boots , underworld is a classic that i am proud to own .
= stunning vampire flick
< a classic

> i 've never seen treats like these before , and my 3 dogs like them quite a bit . they look like a cross between sausage links and beef jerky . my 3 large dogs are able to eat them pretty quickly , but not so fast they inhale them like they do so many other dog treats . one of our dogs eats treats so fast she almost always chokes on them . the other two are more calm with eating treats . these jerky duos treats are the first ones i 've found where she 's forced to take her time with them . the shape of them prevents her from trying to swallow them whole . so it forces her to slow down and enjoy eating it . these are dog treats i would buy again and again .
= i would buy these again and again
< my dogs like them

> i love this deodorant . it does exactly what it says and smells delightful . i have used the other scents before and enjoyed the powder fresh version quite a lot.with its name `` marathon fresh '' , one ca n't be sure what you will get . freshness that lasts through a marathon of activity ? freshness like that you get when you run a marathon ? but the smell is n't too perfumey nor too powdery and the best part is that it smells but is n't overwhelming.if you are looking to not sweat at all in the hottest of july temperatures , then this one is n't for you . but if you want help to control the perspiration and stop the odor , this one does the job .
= there is nothing bad to say
< smells great , smells great

> this book was entirely different from the first novel in the millennium trilogy , but still intensely entertaining . it focuses so much on lisbeth salander 's past and gave me a better understanding of her character . every time i thought i knew which direction the book would go , something dramatic would take it to a whole other level . there were many familiar characters that were developed very skillfully , and new characters that i anticipate seeing again in the third book . everything about this series so far is incredible , and though i 'm excited to read the girl who kicked the hornet 's nest , i do n't want to finish the series , knowing that it 's all over .
= incredible !
< a different kind of book

> i only require two things in a tampon : good protection with no leakage and an easy to use applicator.playtex sport unscented tampon , regular absorbency , 36 countprovides both and it 's a brand that i have used for many years . i 'm not sure the difference between `` sport '' and standard tampons , to me it either works or it does n't . also while i normally do prefer cardboard applicators , i did n't have any problems with the plastic of this one . i just do n't see the need to waste so much plastic unnecessarily if it can be avoided . overall this is a good choice for those `` regular '' days .
= good protection and easy to use .
< good protection , good protection

> i loved this story , i only read it when i was sure that the second book that was also out was going to be the final part of this story . i am glad i did because i did get invested in the lives of emma and aiden and would have hated to stop reading at the point this book ended . what i really liked about this book was that both the h and h had gentle but solid humour and also there was not too much to distract from the story such as secondary characters , lengthy background stories and career stuff .
= very sweet story about love and wanting a baby
< loved it !

> on the first bite you can tell this cereal is made with top quality ingredients . the flakes are hearty and flavorful , like a bran flake . the dried berries are plentiful in this cereal and taste almost fresh as soon as they hit the milk . the only drawback is the cereal seems excessively sweet , and in looking at the label has as much or more grams of sugar per serving as granola . however , if you are typically a big fan of berry cereals , this one is exceptional .
= quality ingredients but a bit too sweet
< delicious

> these playtex sport body wipes have a lovely scent but i 'm not overly excited about the ingredients . the wipes seem most useful to me in the morning to freshen my face before a workout . i did n't find these as useful after a workout because then i tend to want to get into the shower fast . these would be perfect to keep in your purse especially when traveling . you can also use them to remove makeup , so lots of uses.~the rebecca review
= good on the go
< lovely scent

> this book is really good on many levels.theres really 2 stories going on.1 is how these 3 kids spent thier summer this one time , which is its more endearing side and the other story about this chick that got raped and how a racist town wants to pin it on this black dude.then theres this creepy boo radley guy and all in all its a great book.one of those you have to have read to call yourself educated about literature .
= a classic through and through
< great book

> i can appreciate different types of films but i also know when i have seen films that are pretty predictable after a while . this film had some funny moments but much like revenge of the nerds you can dig the charm but after a while things become formula driven . i got the film & did n't have a problem with it , but it just did n't move me fully .
= average at best
< not bad

> a darkly written novel that explores the world of human slavery , but in the midst of it , as if a phoenix , a beautiful story evolves about two incredibly damaged people and their unwillingness to give up . roberts writes a poignant story that is impossible to put down . i read both books in a day unwilling to go to sleep until they both were finished .
= dark
< darkly written

> ok do n't think twice , pick this book up . you will not regret it at all . it starts off a bit slow but then you can not put it down . i loved this book some of the characters and some of those characters i hated . overall i finished the last sentence and picked up book 2 immediately .
= do n't think twice , pick this book up
< loved it

> wow - i could n't put this book down . the characters are all so awesome i did n't know who to root for . i liked the ending too because it left me wanting to read the next book without being angry about something horrible at the ending and then having to wait for part three . great writing !
= pieces of you
< wow !

> a solid read . it 's unique with the horoscope chapter intros but not overly done to be offensive if that 's not your thing . a really challenging story from several points of view and touches on several controversial issues that are handled in a very good way . it has an ending & that 's a good thing .
= divine intervention !
< solid read

> there are no words to describe the book . the only one is wow . at first i was skeptical to read because of the numerous comments left but i so glad . it was perfect in every way . the writing is outstanding . i must read . i hope there is another book .
= unbelievable
< wow

> i love dark chocolate but sometimes the bitterness is a bit much . newman 's own had a nice balance and flavor . i love the newman 's own brand and their commitment to raising money for charity and using organic ingredients . i 'll happily be buying this product again . highly recommended !
= recommended ! not bitter or overpowering .
< great flavor !

> these are some of the best grahams i have eaten in quite a long time . they are crunchy and sweet , but not too sweet . they are made with whole grain and not white flour . they are not loaded with sugar . oh , and they actually have flavor .
= yum !
< delicious

> omg ? ! ? ! ? i totally fell for the girl and i wanted to go and protect her . i am definitely exhilarated about the ending and just melted . i wish for a knight in shining armor like that . it makes me sigh that is for sure
= emotional
< wow

> what 's to say . this is an excellent , if not important film . very likable . reminds me of the year rocky beat network for the oscar like this did the social network . hard times = feel good films .
= excellent feel good movie
< excellent

> a perfect ending for tru & jake ! this was an amazing follow-up to tms . tru & jake are once again faced with hardships & fighting for their happy ever after .
= perfect
< perfect

> loved this book , great story , i am glad i read . this was a well put together story . look for more from this author .
= great ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< great story

> have a tablet , kindle or smartphone ? if you access the internet via these wireless devices , you are at risk for virus infection and access of your secure information . norton 360 takes care of various devices and also a number of security tasks for the pc . it 's & # 34 ; cloud-based & # 34 ; meaning that a lot of the functions are handled by symantec online to monitor and update your pc or wireless devices.norton 360 has an antivirus , but also anti-spyware monitoring , a tool to detect & # 34 ; phishing & # 34 ; , and to dig into layers of the operating system where more sophisticated malware and threats can hide . in addition , you get a firewall , and the symantec 's sonar ( symantec online network for advance response ) , which checks on system security weakness as well as looking for missing windows updates ( many of which are patches to fix security holes in the operating system . ) you can add other optional features you may need such as parental controls and spam filtering and also private data lock-out to prevent personal data from reaching the internet . there is also a feature to scan facebook for potentially harmful sites and other problems.i used the new tool to defrag my hard drive and clean up temporary files and it fixed a slow boot-up after i had de-installed a lot of unneeded software . as a result of that action ( and the fact my drive was rather too full ) i got a faster system and really reduced the fragmentation.you get a free 2gb ( not a lot of space ) for online storage and can increase it ( for a fee similar to other online backup programs ) to 25gb . however , other online backup services charge about the same for unlimited storage . so while this is a nice feature , if you are considering upgrading to the larger storage , shop around.comment | permalink
= all kinds of security , even for tablets and phones
< good and easy

> elysium is the name of an orbiting satellite . it has a controlled environment and is where the rich and powerful live . the united states has been reduced to a land of illegals in an extension of class warfare . health care is different for the rich than the poor . the & # 34 ; illegals & # 34 ; attempt to go to elysium to get health care . the film also is an extension of surveillance drones , automated robots , and how computers run the world.in an unusual role jodi foster plays delacourt , the emotionless secretary of defense who protects elysium . at times she is similar to jack nicholson in & # 34 ; a few good men & # 34 ; and really needed to be more like him . it was not a good role for her . matt damon plays max in his usual man against the system . after an industrial accident , max has 5 days to live and opts to join the resistance against the powers of elysium.i have not read the book , but you can tell from the film that the book was better as there are massive parallels to today 's society which most likely the film could n't incorporate them all . yet at the same time , i felt a bit bogged down by the overtness of this morality film.good looking graphics . good ending . fair plot . dialogue needed to be lighter . politically to the left.parental guide : f-bombs . no sex or nudity .
= the hippo wants a friend ,
< a bit bogged down

> while i found kill bill part one to be a bit callow ( although well-done ) , kill bill 2 is an absolutely magnificent piece of cinema that simply blew me away ! a wholesome fusion of stunning visuals , carefully selected soundtrack , and the energy of super-crisp dialogue -- in a sharp , clever , suspenseful lovestory . yes , this one is not just a cross-national blood fest but a saga of love gone awry , in a very tarantino sort of a way.only tarantino knows how to draw on a variety of cinematic tropes for a film 's look and feel and perhaps the co-opted muscle of certain borrowed sources -- his film would n't be one without at least some of his encyclopedic video-geekiness finding its way onto the screen . yet , it feels very inspired and original.what 's most admirable is how we come to feel for each and every character in his films . even in this tale of otherwise spiteful revenge , the question of who was `` wrong '' is not cut and dry . was it the bride who deserved her revenge ? this version presents a face on bill that 'll make you think twice about simple inferences from the last movie.i could n't recommend watching this opus enough . on the big screen if possible , although i 'll be queueing up for the dvd when it 's released . marvellous !
= tarantino at full throttle , a peerless feast of film !
< `` i 'm a man ''

> face it -- the only reason this film did so well is that people were gaga over the romantic coupling of brad pitt and angelina jolie . and while the two stars use their charismatic presence to propel the film , it 's a two hour mismash of incoherent plotting and lots of shoot em up action , car chases and etc. , etc . the story revolves around mr. and mrs. smith , a bored suburban couple who have kept the important secret that they both are `` hit people '' for rival companies . when they are set up to do the same hit , they find out their secret and have 48 hours to off each other . while the premise is unique , its execution is marred by redundancy and no real sense of humor . it might have worked better if they had gone for a more comical approach to their attempted assassination of each other , but played with a more serious edge , the viewer fails to find any reason to cheer either actor on . the climax is incredibly incredible and the movie seems to outstay its welcome . mr. and mrs. smith may appeal to fans of the tabloid titans , but as a movie , it does n't offer all that much originality .
= marital mayhem
< a good movie , but not great

> ender wiggins is sent away to military school at a very early age . he is among other special recruits who are also the only hope for the planet to survive the next war against the aliens . ender was picked over his siblings by the school despite his also having very talented siblings . ender is a little boy who should be in early elementary school . this makes it all the more astounding that he engages in daily warfare with his classmates , all of the same age , while also tackling massive academic challenges . meanwhile his siblings become secret journalists writing for opposite political sides , with one another 's knowledge and cooperation , to make their marks on the planet . the story builds towards the inevitable showdown with the aliens . this is beautifully narrated by more than one narrator . i enjoyed the audiobook immensely . there is not an extra word in this novel . this is so refreshing as so many of the newer books seem to lack a real good editing job . i could see stephen spielberg filming this , much like his ai film .
= classic , wonderful sci-fi novel-writing & narrating equally excellent
< ender is a little boy

> i had been concerned about protecting the touch screen on my kindle but wanted something that was easy to install . this fit the bill exactly . it snaps instantly into place and there are no bubbles or ripples to worry about . i detected no change in the quality of the video display or the touch screen sensitivity after installing it . it also helps reduce glare so it 's easier for me to read outside or while riding in the car . i have had it installed on my kindle fire for several weeks now and have had no issues with it at all . it has stayed in place and worked exactly as it 's supposed to . i can now allow my young nephews to play games or watch videos without worrying about their little sticky fingers all over the screen . the screen protector comes with a soft cleaning cloth which works beautifully to wipe away any smudges they leave behind . i really think that anyone who invests in a wonderful product like a kindle fire would do well to invest just a bit more for this screen protector .
= impressive
< works well

> budgeted at $ 140,000,000 , `` amageddon '' was one of the most costliest disaster epics hollywood has ever made . released only a few months after another disaster film `` deep impact '' , `` armageddon '' deals with the fact that a giant asteroid is on a collision course to earth and it is up to a group of deep core drillers working for nasa to stop the dreaded outcome . extremely well-produced with top-notch special effects and a cast of some of hollywood 's best actors including bruce willis , `` armageddon '' would go on to be the top grossing film of 1998 and gross nearly $ 600,000,000 . it was also one of michael bay 's first films in which he directed , and the success of `` armageddon '' would allow bay to direct many remakes of former hollywood horror films like `` the texas chainsaw massacre '' and `` the fog '' .the movie is well known for the song `` i do n't wan na miss a thing '' and its video is included in the bonuses of the dvd along with the trailer .
= `` one of the best disaster films ''
< the fog

> from the first page the story drew me in . the depth of character brings the story to life . the author has created a work of fiction that becomes almost real as the story unfolds . most of the story is written in the first person , so we are invited into the personal thoughts of both libby ( the 7 year old that survived the slaughter ) and her older brother ben , who was convicted of the murders , because of libby 's testimony at the trial . the story starts 25 years after the murders , as libby 's life is falling apart because she has spent almost all the donations she was given because she was a highly visible survivor of a terrible crime . libby has to figure out how to support herself , now that she is running out of money and her efforts to earn money without actually having to hold down a regular job takes her on a quest that finally finds the truth to what really happened the night of the murders .
= excellent , reads like a true crime book
< a story of character

> this is a very silky feeling water . i had to take a lot of medication and continue to since an automobile accident . one of my medications really did a number on my stomach lining which in turn creates a lot of acid reflux on a normal day to day basis . so i thought giving alkaline a try could n't hurt . and it most certainly did not hurt . it was nice not to have to take meds before and after meals . i was down to just one acid reflux pill a day . normally i end up taking one a hour before every meal and possibly one or two after meals . i just took one in the evening and that was a nice change of pace.i would certainly buy this again . other members of my family liked the texture of the water too . i sort of wish we could get in our five gallon jugs for the water cooler .
= easy on you
< silky feeling water

> i was originally put off by both the title and the premise of elizabeth gilbert 's memoir , but she reeled me in long before the end of the eat section . i was so enamored of this book that i taped her oprah segment and attended her lecture locally . to say that she has a few fans is an understatement . my biggest difficulty in reading this book was in putting aside my envy and replacing it with admiration for her spunk . this book is way more than your standard tale of a spiritual journey ; it offers a chance to be enriched by the experiences of someone who traveled where most of us will never go -- emotionally , spiritually , or geographically . gilbert knows how to tell a story , especially about the people she met and the wisdom they shared with her , and now her readers . you ca n't make this stuff up .
= part memoir , part travelogue
< a spiritual journey to be enriched

> great idea and timely in subject . it could have been a great movie if it was not for the soundbite presentation.the acting is good but the film structure has a lot to answer for . i think they put in the standard character conflicts to punch up the story.it is the iranian revolution . in the chaos six u.s. embassy people escape to the canadian embassy . now the problem is how to extricate them before they are detected and dispatched . `` to this day , this story stands as an enduring model for international cooperation between governments . `` so an ersatz movie company for a film called `` argo '' is formed . we listen to lots of talk and a few dispatches . yet the story progresses ever so slowly.as tom stoppard , author of `` rosencrantz and guildenstern are dead '' writes `` in a tragedy even minor characters die . ''
= the background music distracts from the presentation
< great idea and timely

> i do n't have a long history of comic book fascination but i really enjoyed this movie . chris evans is a great hero figure and the female ( hailey ____ ) is stunningly beautiful and lights up the screen every time she appears . the action sequences are well done and hugo weaving plays a menacing villian . this has all the components of a great comic hero film and it delivers in my opinion . to be frank , i think the music score could have been more influencial in the film and is somewhat lacking in `` bigness '' for this type of movie . i saw the 3d version in theaters and i actually prefer the traditional 2d of the blu-ray . this is a great addition to the marvel comics films and i 'm hoping for a sequel besides `` the avengers '' , which looks very promising !
= very enjoyable !
< a great comic hero film

> i 've been using mio in my water for quite a while now . i like that it allows me to give my water that something extra , so that it makes me more inclined to get my daily intake of water in . additionally being able to choose how much or how little flavor you add is nice too ; me i found that with most of the flavors i like 2-3 quick squirts in my water bottle which holds 24 ounces . i decided to try the peach tea flavor because mango peach is my favorite , with sweet tea as a close second and this one now falls somewhere in between . for some the taste may be unappetizing and i admit at first i was n't sure i liked it , but it grew on me and now i use mio on an almost daily basis .
= a little flavor or a lot , the choice is mine
< mio is my favorite

> i just finished drinking this bottle of caffeinated water and do n't know , as yet , if it gave me an energy burst -- probably will find out within a half hour . but , as to the drink itself , i ca n't see myself spending money on it . i drink loads of dark roast coffee and a few bottles of diet pepsi each and every day and at least the manufacturer of these items had to put some effort into producing , marketing and shipping the product , not just putting some caffeine into some plain water . it did n't taste bad , but if i 'm going to drink water , i 'll stick with my ordinary tap water . i do give them credit , however , to a nicely designed bottle .
= ok caffeinated beverage
< not bad , but not great

> i hung these hooks on the side of one of our press board shelves for added storage . they stick easily and come with 2 sets of stickies so that you can put them somewhere else if you change your mind . they hold about 4-6 pounds easily and stick well . they come off mostly clean-not as cleanly as advertised-they did leave a slight stickiness on the shelf , but it was easily wiped off with a damp rag . overall , if you 're renting a house and do n't want to leave marks on the wall , these are a great product for you ! ! i 've also seen them advertised for holiday decorations and can definitely say i 'll be adding these to my list of christmas decor `` must haves '' !
= pretty strong for temporary hooks !
< great for holiday decorations !

> i am the world 's greatest fan of the original chip 's ahoys . have loved 'em for decades and they are my `` go to '' cookie . but -- - these chips ahoy ! chewy gooey megafudge are just not my cup of tea ( sorry for that metaphor ) .i like chewy fresh baked cookies . and i like the rather crispy original chips ahoys ! . but these things are neither . to my tastes , they are just a somewhat soggy , crumbly , ultra-megadose of chocolate.i love to give glowing reviews when i can , especially for my favorite brand names -- but i 'll leave my share of these cookies to rabidly addicted over the top chocolate fudge addicts . these are just not for me .
= not really for me . . . .
< not for me

> i am a big fan of the dove approach : avoid irritants and moisturize the skin without leaving residue . with high expectations , i tried the hydrate+ shave gel . unfortunately , it was so average that it would be hard to differentiate between it and a generic . the fragrance is the same , which is to say that it has that chemical smell of shaving cream . it foams up well , if a bit more sticky than slick . when shaving , the razor did n't glide any better than with a generic.while this cream did not irritate my skin , it was also not any better or worse than other inexpensive brands . i would place axe a little higher , and hydroplane at the top .
= average
< not for me

> what a disappointment this is . guillermo del toro who proved his mettle with the `` hellboy '' flicks and `` pan 's labyrinth '' seems to be taking the michael bay-roland emmerich route of unimaginative fantasy films . initially the visuals are striking but it does n't take long for it to dawn on you that there 's no story or artistry to support them . i found my attention span wandering after an ungodly 130 minutes . fans of `` fifty shades of grey '' probably complained about the casting of charlie hunnam after seeing this movie . a tragedy that good actors like idris elba and rinko kikuchi are stranded in this dreck . worst fantasy film since `` van helsing '' .
= godzilla versus rock-em sock-em robots
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i know macaroni and cheese is supposed to be cheesy , but somewhere along the line this product became a bit too rich . the liquid cheese mix alone is n't bad , but the seasoning or spices included in the package were too much . if you put them both in the macaroni , they do n't mix well . in fact , i ended up eating the macaroni with orange `` spice '' powder on the pasta . the taste is n't horrible , but it 's not as good as the kraft macaroni and cheese i 'm used to . oh , by the way , this set does not include cheeseburger - it 's just the mac & cheese .
= too cheesy
< not as good as the kraft macaroni and cheese

> for the past year i have been using the men 's version of schick hydro that was put on the market in 2010. finally , schick has designed this great product for women . i love the five independently moving blades that are great on knees , ankles and elbows . plus , with water-activated moisturizing serum & 5 curve-sensing blades with skin guards to help protect skin from irritation , the hydro silk razor leaves skin feeling silky smooth ! the only thing i miss on the women 's version of this razor is the flip trimmer feature that is on the male version of this product . other than that , a solid 5 stars for a great shave !
= finally ! the schick hydro silk for women !
< great shave !

> i have quite a few wicking/performance t-shirts . they 're a necessity during warm weather when sweating a river . most of mine are nike 's . i 've never had a tasc t-shirt before , but this one is nice . it 's moisture wicking , breathable , anti-odor and spf 50+ . it 's also soft and stretchy . the differences that i notice between this t-shirt and my nike fit/dry 's is that the tasc is heavier and wrinkles more . that 's probably due to it having more natural fibers . overall , very comfortable .
= nice !
< nice , comfortable , and comfortable

> share the adventures of a lifelong treasure hunter , his endearing assistant , and a tough archivist . ben gates ( nicholas cage ) has been searching his whole life using the clues passed down through his family . when he finally breaks the first code , his partner ian double-crosses him.to preserve a precious piece of american history , ben plots to steal the declaration of independence . follow the clues as they take our heroes to historical landmarks with ian and the fbi close behind.the adventure continues in national treasure 2 : book of secrets .
= national treasure
< the secrets of secrets

> i picked this up because it said it was for kindle , but i found that it was actually a bit too small for it . it was very difficult to get the kindle into the elastic straps and the base of the device sticks out just a bit from the reader.were it not for that , i would recommend this product wholeheartedly . it is otherwise of good quality . the design is cute and the cover is sturdy and unbreakable .
= nice quality but does n't really fit the regular kindle
< good quality

> i absolutely enjoyed this book . i thought it was an absolutely intriguing read . i am honestly shocked with the character development and glad the author did n't wrap it up in a nice package . mental illness is not nice or enjoyable and i am so glad the author kept it real.i would totally read these books again and it is interesting especially since i 'm an adult and it is hard to keep me interested .
= shocked to speechless
< intriguing

> one of hitch 's best ! roger thornhill is no more a secret-agent than he is a brain-surgeon and yet he gets so believably swept into this suspenseful drama that you might think that you have missed something early on ! the superb direction of alfred hitchcock combines perfectly with the academy award nominated screenplay of ernest lehman . the performances of cary grant , eve marie saint , and james mason are equally superb !
= north by northwest
< one of hitch 's best !

> omg riff is something else i love his dirty mouth and that name is totally bad**s. was happy for noel and laine at the end , aubrey and zachary are perfect together . i really love this series a lot between isaac and diana do n't know which one i ca n't stand the most . behind all the facade zachary is a big sweetheart .
= great series
< riff is a must read

> this works and smells great . i used it for a day at the beach and no one got burned . i like the scent and it covered nicely . i normaly use the spray but this was easy to use and only took a little bit longer to apply and i feel like i was able to cover my kids better .
= works and smells great
< works great

> the director really messed up by not featuring the veterans in the awards ceremony . good action , good premise , fun ! worth seeing for the missouri scenes , but they really owed them a bit more kudos at the end it just petered out with a stupid marriage proposal .
= good but messed up
< good action , fun action

> overall it was a good book but it moved to fast . from meeting to getting married in a little over a week ... even if you are rich it do n't happen that fast . other than that it wad a good book with ample conflicts and love scenes .
= moved a bit fast
< good book

> what a wonderful story of love and forgiveness . if i cry anymore i swear i get dehydrated . it was so beautiful how they slowly fell madly in love over a course of weeks . it made me believe in love all over again .
= not off 3
< beautiful

> good deep conditioning mask , really smooths your hair out , smells great , locks in moisture without making it too greasy or oily . detangles and adds shine , easy to style with , recommended .
= good deep conditioning mask
< good deep conditioning mask

> omg i absolutely and thoroughly enjoyed this book . i wish there was more i just ca n't get enough of austin .
= hot , hot , hot ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< loved it

> despite slight flaws - chiefly lucas ' inability to write a convincing love scene , and some squirm-inducing dialogue ( `` i 'm so in love with you '' `` no , i 'm so in love with you '' ) , `` sith '' still stands as a triumph to the most enduring cinematic fantasy of all time , because although we know the ending in advance - that anakin will ultimately descend into evil - we still did n't know the whole story . `` sith '' provides its fans , old and new , with an emotionally satisfying and visually thrilling conclusion to the saga . anakin 's agony is depicted so convincingly that those of us who greeted darth 's transformation back to good in `` return of the jedi '' with skepticism now have no doubts . as he did in `` the empire strikes back '' , george lucas manages to give us special effects that are , well , spectacular without letting the storyline suffer in the slightest.ian mcdiarmid gives a stunning and underrated performance as palpatine , as does samuel l. jackson 's swashbuckling portrayal of mace windu . `` revenge of the sith '' , despite the aforementioned strained dialogue , still has a depth missing in other segments of the `` star wars '' saga and is a more than worthy conclusion to this fabulous saga . the greatest disappointment is that this is indeed the end.thanks , george lucas , for a wonderful ride . the force will be with us , always . a must-have for `` star wars '' fans , of course , and a treasure to share with future generations .
= `` the circle is now complete ''
< a great cinematic fantasy

> i drink 2 cups of coffee from a mr. coffee each morning . i prefer the medium roast and like to smooth it by using creamer or milk to cut the bitterness . if i want something hot later on a winter day , i make some tea . i read others comments before trying this brand so i would know how to compare my taste with others.first experiment : i made one cup of coffee using one pouch . i liked the smooth taste and did not have to add creamer . it was weak . but the more i thought about it the more i recognized that this was just like drinking tea . so i think a tea lover would enjoy this as a different flavor.second experiment : i made a second cup of coffee by piling a new pouch on the one i had used previously . now the coffee was definitely stronger . it was still very smooth . i would rate this as a medium strength but on the light side.third experiment : i made two cups of coffee using one pouch plus a scoop of my regular coffee . this tasted just like my normal coffee but retained the smoothness so i did not need creamer . so this may be the answer for those who wanted more flavor.fourth experiment : i brewed two cups of coffee using one pouch . then i moved the pouch to the carafe and squeezed it about 6 times . the coffee darkened noticeably and got a stronger flavor . this turned out to be the most satisfying for my taste .
= 4 experiments , 4 different tastes
< smooth and smooth

> this seems like a real good quality omega 3 that wo n't break the bank . however , i just got half a dozen different softgel supplements from jarrow , and virtually all of them have a very distinct and unpleasant smell . yuck ! it does n't encourage me to want to keep taking them or buy again . other softgels i 've used by different manufacturers did n't stink like this . it seems to be a running theme for jarrow across products . so clearly it 's something they 're doing on their end . as with all supplements , it 's near impossible to attribute any direct positive result to them . but we all know fish oil is good for you , so i 'll take the leap of faith , plug my nose , and down these smelly things . and no , it 's not a fishy smell that i 'm sensing ; it 's just plain ol ' smelly softgels , same as my other jarrow softgels sitting here . no matter the supplement , all of these softgels downright stink ! but i imagine it 's still good for you . doubt i 'll get any softgels from jarrow again.update -- it 's taken me a few days to figure it out , but whenever i take these , they repeat on me and give me heartburn . these might be better quality than other omega 3 's , but the generic i get from target does n't return as heartburn .
= why are all jarrow softgels are really smelly ?
< good quality , but not a miracle

> `` silver linings playbook '' s a comedy/drama in which all cinematic elements come together to form magic . bipolar pat ( bradley cooper ) has just been released from the psych ward where he was sent for beating up a guy . he returns to his philadelphia childhood home and parents pat , sr. ( robert de niro ) and dolores ( julie weaver ) , determined to win back the wife who left him.the younger pat struggles with his emotions , which are kept in not-too-reliable check by an assortment of medications . he meets tiffany ( jennifer lawrence ) , a young woman with a history of her own . tiffany agrees to help pat win back his former wife if he agrees to be her partner in an upcoming dance competition.cooper and lawrence make what might have been a so-so movie shine . their on-screen chemistry sparkles and makes their on-again , off-again romantic sparring great fun to watch . de niro is excellent as the father who tries to understand his son 's manic-depressive illness and support him , while being frustrated whenever pat , jr. lapses into moods or gets himself into fights . this is de niro 's best role in a long time . all four principal actors were nominated for academy awards . lawrence won for best actress.the blu-ray edition contains deleted scenes , q & a highlights , dance rehearsal footage , and making-of featurette . a dvd edition is also available .
= great cast + solid script = terrific movie
< de niro 's best role in a long time

> let 's start with the end-because it was , without a doubt , `` one of those endings '' that you wo n't see coming and has you craving more , but in the best way possible , because you are that invested ! the coincidence of callie and kayden by jessica sorensen swallows you whole and does not begin to return you completely to ` the real world ' for , oh about a day ! it takes that long to catch your breath after the emotional gut punch you experience page after page , but you keep on going , well , because the coincidence of callie and kayden is that compelling , that good , that well-written ! jessica sorensen has created a heartstoppingly beautiful tale of two souls who have been damaged by their torturous pasts , keeping everyone out of their emotional personal space , finally to find the courage to open up , learn to cautiously trust , feel , and hope for a better life . on the outside , they seem so different , but deep down , their angst and pain are so similar , they bring out the best in each other . get ready to run the gamut of emotions in the extreme as each character shares their pov.a review copy was provided by netgalley and hachette book group , grand central publishing , forever in exchange for my honest review .
= takes your breath away !
< the coincidence of callie and kayden

> this book is great it reminds us to see people not with our eyes but with our hearing and feelings . in this book we meet caden and makenna . these two get into an elevator in a business building to go down to the lobby . upon entering they end up not really seeing one another and get plunged into darkness before moving to far . caden has a past that makes him claustrophobic . what surprises him the most is the calming affect that makenna 's voice has on him . in the darkness caden and makenna get to know one another just like most people would on a first date . however with their conversation is more like the information you would get after people have been dating for awhile . i thought this book is great because it was more than the their eyes meet and they fall instantly in love it is more about what they learn about one another before they ever get that first real look . i would recommend this book to anyone and everyone .
= so so good
< great book

> i thought blake was a douche in the book 1 , but he redeemed himself in this book . he was still a douche , but in a nice , very sexy way . lolwhen i first started this book , i thought layla was going to be just like every other women that was married to a husband who had money , a total & # 34 ; b & # 34 ; , but she was n't . not by a long shot . naming her daughter axelle rose , was freaking awesome . and elle was sweet for being 16.the story was a great one , and i was glade to see the author put a get help page for the type of abuse that layla had endured . so i give the author great kudos for that ! i am looking forward to rex 's story !
= fighting to forgive ( fighting series )
< blake and elle

> this is a good film to kill a few hours during the holiday season . it grips you from the start with interesting and likeable characters ( even the villian was n't too bad ) and a fast paced story-line that is a type of treaure hunt ( a la angels & demons or the da vinci code ) where clues are followed to get from one place to the next . if you can overlook the obvious flaws ( such as walking 7 miles in the arctic circle with no problem and guards at national monuments that never seem to be around ) then you will love this film.i am not normally a nicolas cage fan but he is excellent in this one and jon voigt gives a performance as cage 's father reminiscent of sean connery in the indiana jones movies .
= enjoyable !
< good film

> nathan price , a holy-roller baptist preacher in the 1950s , drags his wife and four daughters off to the belgian congo to preach the gospel to the heathens . this book is written in the voices of the four daughters and the mother , which i thought were each distinct and believable . it is fascinating to see the exploration of faith , love , hate , ego , and bigotry as it is played out among the stranded price women and the increasingly insane nathan price . unlike the typical novel , which would have probably ended when the price women finally left nathan , this one continues on so that you find out what happened to the girls after they grew up . a thought-provoking lesson about african politics and culture and america 's ethnocentrism .
= unforgettable missionary tale
< african politics and culture and america 's ethnocentrism

> gives you zero calories and some vitamins and minerals , i can live with it as a vitamin and mineral drink.why does the drink have to be sweetened with artificial sweetener ? i can live with a drink that has a small amount of natural sugar , that 's what i usually do if i want to cut down on sugar , just use less instead of using the far worse artificial sweetener.but what this drink fails most from is the flavor . it reminds me and my kids of cherry flavored cough syrup , not a flavor that people want to be reminded of . the other flavors might be ok , if i want multivitamins , i 'd probably take a multivitamin pill and just drink water .
= vitamin squeeze ...
< tastes like the flavor

> this is an all-around great little external hard drive for toting to school , work , etc . it would fit easily into any purse or smaller backpack compartment . it 's usb 3.0 compatible and is quite quick ! if you want to convert it for use on a pc ( it 's apple/mac ready out of the box ) , you just go to seagate 's site and it 's easy to find the downloadable `` patch '' to enable it.you wo n't get a full tb of space , but you never do with hds , always a bit smaller than advertised due to os , etc.the usb 3.0 cord included is a bit short -- my only complaint .
= sturdy , compact little drive
< great for toting to school , etc .

> this is n't the last of this `` love story '' day is stretching into two more books ! this is a filler book with no real advancement for most of the characters . just day to day boring s*** ! love gideon though , no matter what but do n't buy this book , there is no resolution just more boring drama ! forgot how insecure eva could be . i will not buy any more of day 's series or her other books , it 's such a blatant money grab . day , should have done yourself proud and wrapped up this trilogy in three not five . omg how much more boring can the plot get ? ?
= give it a miss !
< not the last book , but still a good read

> lamma loe supreme sheets fit my queen pillowtop bed amazingly , i do n't think i will ever have to deal with fitted sheets that pop off anymore . this set comes with a fitted , flat sheet , and two pillowcases that are all soft and comfortable . these sheets feel durable and wash incredibly well , the color stayed true and there was no noticeable shrinkage . i got the mocha light brown color and it is a warm caramel shade that accents my black comforter very well . i would recommend these to anyone looking for a fantastic deep pocket sheet set to fit a pillowtop mattress .
= soft and comfortable
< lamma loe supreme sheets

> this product may not be appealing to everyone because of its strong smell . while i tend to prefer subtler fragrances , this aroma was quite pleasing to the sense . it 's funny to see the wide spectrum of smells/tastes associated with pomegranates.this is more of a deodorant than an antiperspirant . i found that it is n't entirely effective in that field , but that does't bother me much . many antiperspirants leave stain on shirts and i did n't see that with this one.if you like strong deodorants and the mysterious scent of a pomegranate like product , you might want to give this one a try .
= very potent , but good
< not for me

> i am a peanut butter fiend and these protein cereal bars were yucky , i tasted more of the coconut oil when eating them than that of the peanut butter it actually made it overly sweet , and heavy ; there was also an oily after taste after eating a bite that was icky . i am not a fan of almond joy so this coconut taste made the bars unenjoyable . i shared the rest with my office and i received three comments stating that the cereal bars tasted overly sweet and not flavored like peanut butter at all . i can not recommend these cereal bars at all .
= tasted too oily
< not bad , but not too sweet

> 'taken ' is a fast paced action film that does n't waste anytime getting to the point . the set up is simple and liam neeson shows he can play a bad a $ $ as good as the next guy . what i enjoyed about this film is that it does n't try to be something it 's not . it 's under an hour and a half and neeson is terrific as a father on a mission to save his teenage daughter . if your an action fan this is a no brainer , but i think this will satisfy any movie lover who likes guilty pleasure films .
= fast paced guilty pleasure fun !
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> these are most useful for students or others wishing to mark parts of books by color-code , ie quotes by bob in blue , kate in red , etc . or those who like vaguely neonish colors in general.or you could cover your spouse in these as she sleeps and when she wakes she 'll think it 's 1985.they are plenty sticky , do n't leave much goo , and do what they should ; unless you need the colors , however , you 'd get a lot more value buying the white ones , which offer far more labels for the same price .
= these work fine
< useful for students or others wishing to mark

> cassie and jack are my forever couple , such a sweet love story . even when you want to smack jack , you love him . they are what you want in a relationship , how you want to feel about the one you love , how you want to experience life with the one you love , and the family that keeps you grounded . cassie and jack are truly my forever couple through all the highs and lows , they keep love a priority . love me cassie and jack , melissa and dean , gran and gramps . great book !
= such a sweet love story !
< love me some jack !

> i am becoming very comfortable with greatshield screen protectors and now prefer them over other brands . i love the fact that there are 6 protectors in the package . this allows for mistakes , heavy usage of product , etc . i also love the matte effect of this particular style . i have a non-matte version for my fire hd , and i think i prefer the matte . i love the the microfiber towel that is included with the set and use it quite often to clean the screens of my kindles and phone .
= screen protectors
< love the matte effect

> good coffee and its a fair trade product so you can feel extra great inhaling the scent and complex yet simple flavors yet knowing you 've helped the earth and the people on it a bit in your small way . each drop of rain causes a ripple in a lake . one step at a time if we each do one thing like even falling for this easy to use organic coffee that will softly delight your tastebuds without overpowering them .
= good coffee and fair trade
< good coffee

> this sauce works well as a sauce for mexican and tex-mex recipes . it has subtle heat and smokey chipotle flavor . it will suit those who prefer hotter food , but wo n't be too overpowering for those who don't.another great plus is that it is not overly salty . many processed sauces are , but this one is not .
= great chipotle sauce , not so salty .
< good sauce

> i was surprised at how good this tasted . it 's sweet and you can really taste the pineapple . it also has only 10 calories per 16oz serving ( better than soda ) and it mixes well in water . the tea also does n't have that strong instant tea after taste.i would definately , buy this again .
= tasty
< good taste , good flavor

> i loved this book . i think that this book touched on so many issues that everyone can relate to - maybe not this extreme but the same in that everyone has some internal war at some time.while reading this book i caught myself smiling a number of times and really enjoyed it all the way through .
= openly smiled while reading
< loved it !

> i loved gabe in ruin but wow , he gets even better in toxic ! ! ! this is a wonderful story of what one does and goes through for their first true love ! ! ! ms. van dyken created a wonderful character and once again writes a kick butt book ! !
= 5 huge stars ! ! ! !
< gabe is a must read ! ! !

> this is a nice diaper , and suggested size is for 35+ pounds . it was a bit of change to see a diaper that is a color other than white . it has a nice absorbance copacity . ecology wise , it give us a nice change .
= nice , an interesting idea
< nice diaper

> when you are broke and need money to survive what do you do ? well , you can follow your best friend 's advice and become an escort.this story evolves in a sort of `` arrangement '' that becomes erotic and impossible at the same time.interesting serial !
= hot series - a must read
< you are broke and need money !

> the dogs gobbled these up ! they loved them and they were great to break up and use as training treats . we are very careful what we feed our dogs so i appreciated that these had real chicken and sweet potatoes in them .
= great product !
< dogs love them !

> the schick hydro 5 blade razor is quite the shave . it provides a clean , close shave . the razor itself is a little more cumbersome than the disposables that i have been using but i am sure i will adjust .
= smooth shave
< great shave

> harry potter and friends continue their magical journey at hogwarts while bedeviled by harry 's old enemy - or is he ? adults can indulge their inner child while kids learn valuable lessons about friendship and loyalty . highly recommend !
= the magic continues !
< hogwarts

> this is a wonderful read and extremely well done . once you pick it up , you wo n't be able to put it down . it is ( current ) historical fiction at its best !
= another hit !
< wonderful

> abbi , abbi , you my dear are so wonderful . i love the rosemary beach series ... so much . by why , oh why did you have to throw me for a loop ?
= she did it again
< love the series

> could n't stop reading until the very end . i hate the ending but none the less a very good book i highly recommend
= i loved it
< loved it

> the thing is the slimiest , oozingest , drippingest horror / sci-fi movie ever made ! it is also one of the finest . kurt russell is cast in the role of his career ( yes , better than his role as escape from new york 's `` snake '' ) as macready , a no-nonsense helicopter pilot with an arctic research group . the opening scene shows an alien craft crash-landing on earth in some distant past . the next scene is the eerie `` doghunt '' , where the world 's weirdest husky is saved from it 's norwegian ( scientists from another research facilty a few miles away ) pursuers by our unsuspecting heroes . of course , the poor doggy is taken back to the base , where bizarre things begin to happen right away . it seems that our canine friend was not a dog at all , but an extraterrestrial entity with the ability to attack , assimilate , and assume the identity of any living creature . like a monster virus , it jumps from person to person , becoming an almost perfect copy of it 's now dead victim . put this together with the fact that this takes place in a totally isolated location , and you 've got the best paranoid nightmare ever filmed ! the tension , suspicion , and terror are palpable ( in fact , aside from the arctic setting , the thing has more in common with invasion of the body snatchers than it does with the original classic film the thing from another world ) . the alien transformation scenes are as awesome as they are disgusting . this is john carpenter 's magnum opus of slithery goo ! the thing is a downright disturbing frightfest . even wilford brimley is scary ! highly recommended ...
= frozen in slime ...
< `` the thing is the thing is the thing is ! ''

> the movie , set in los angeles , follows several unrelated characters as they come to terms with crime and racial prejudice over a two-day period . some stories eventually overlap ; others do not . the characters are presented honestly with all their flaws and a few redeeming qualities . the large ensemble cast is excellent ; standouts are don cheadle as an honest police detective who has problems at home and at work , sandra bullock and brendan fraser as a wealthy couple who are carjacked , matt dillon as a racist cop who takes care of his ailing father , terrence howard as a tv director whose wife thandie newton is the victim of abuse , and shaun toub as a persian shop owner who takes revenge into his own hands.although there are a lot of characters , the writing is so good that we really come to know and care about them . just when i thought i knew what would happen next , i was surprised , and the whole film was riveting . the plot and dialogue are completely real ; there 's a constant feeling of tension and isolation , and an unusual and calming soundtrack ties everything together . i did n't expect to like this movie , but i did . it paints a grim picture , but it 's so well written and the acting is so good that i found it very satisfying .
= `` in l.a. , nobody touches you . ''
< a good movie , but a bit too much of a good movie

> what could be better than a soft chips ahoy cookie with a fudge center ? apparently quite a few things , as this tempting snack did not live up to expectations . to start with , the image of the cookie on the package looked nothing like the contents within . perhaps it was because the cookies arrived on my doorstep in the heat of summertime , i do n't know , but what i found were trays of unappealing , blackened-looking ( because of the fudge interior ) chocolate chip cookies . oddly , it looked as if these snacks got into a fight and emerged all black and bruised.still , a cookie might look ugly and still offer up a great taste . well , not so much . yes , there was a definite overload of chocolate , to be sure , but it had a sandy , gritty taste . i stopped my snacking after a single cookie , even though the serving size is two for 3.5 grams of saturated fat ( thankfully , no trans fat ) . again , i am willing to accept that i maybe got a bad package or one effected by the heat , though i rescued it from my porch less than ten minutes after it was dropped off by ups . i ca n't recommend this , unfortunately . i would instead go with a keebler soft batch cookie any day .
= not appealing based on look and taste
< not bad , but not great

> guaranteed , the sight of the wonderful haley joel osment begging his mommy not to leave him in the forest is one of the most tearjerking moments in recent film history . it is in these first 40 minutes or so that the heart of this movie is established . osment , sam robards and frances o'connor deliver impeccable performances that put the viewer in their clutches . however , once the movie leaves this behind and ventures out into david 's search for the blue fairy , we get a combination of so many classics like star wars , blade runner , etc. , that the movie starts to lose its heart . jude law is fine as gigolo joe , but he is so plasticized that he never connects . william hurt as the inventor of the boy robot comes across as some kind of warped gepetto who does n't even love his creation.the special effects are flawless and spielberg 's et sense of wonder abounds . does n't the space balloon remind you of the moon in et ? the movie becomes a special effects festival thereafter , and even when david gets his wish of one day with his mother , she is so vacuous and sterile you wonder what the joy is.i 'm certainly in awe of the technical superiority of this film , but still felt a little empty when it was over .
= pinocchio revisited
< the best of the year

> what i did n't understand when i ordered these ( and you may be confused about as well ) are what we are seeing in the picture in this listing . what you get with this set is a normal in ear headset and an oval rubber carrying case ( which is what is shown on the pic ) . basically it has slots for the two earbuds to go in and then you wrap the cord inside the case like a yo-yo . it 's tidy , but if you use your headset often ( as i do ) then you 'll find yourself constantly unwrapping them . they do n't get tangled , which is good , but non-tangle flat cords like the ones that came with some htc phones is suprior.as far as sound , these are good but not great . beats audio headphones are far superior and even the headset that came with my samsung galaxy nexus phone is better sounding . adequate but not great.so what you get in this set that supposedly justfies the higher price is the way these average quality headphones wrap up in their carrying case . if that 's your thing ( or you really want pink ) then go for these . they work . but if you are looking for superior sound look elsewhere .
= nothing special
< good sound but not great

> i have been using norton for many yeares . for security it is one of the best . the closest to a real complaint is that it is actually too good . ( when it does its sweeps it removes all cookies and that can be frustrating having to reenter all that information . ) what interested me in this product is the `` multi-device '' option . you can now download this to your tablet or cell phone for no additional cost ( up to 5 total devices . ) i downloaded this to my android tablet . just follow the instructions . the only issue is that it just downloads antivirus then you have to select other free software to download . the whole process took less than 30 minutes but it was more the inconvience of downloading 4 additional funtions instead of it automatically downloading the whole 360 suite automatically.but overall , this is a great idea and i will continue to renew this service every year .
= protect all you internet devices .
< too good for me

> living in a rural area , i have an ongoing fight with trying to keep deer , rabbits , and a few other critters out of my garden areas . i 've tried everything from human hair to mothballs , and none seem very effective for long , if at all . havahard deer off seems to reduce the problem better than so-called home remedies , though even this is n't perfect . it washes off easily and needs to be reapplied frequently . not really a good solution if you water the area daily , have a few nights of heavy dew , or live where it rains frequently . of course this is going to be the case with anything that is topically aplied , and is n't really a fault of this or any other product like it , it 's just the way things work . still , it is a great aid for `` training '' the critters to stay away from those areas .
= deer off
< works well , but not perfect for long

> i was so disappointed with this after loving 'a simple plan ' so much . i guess the bottom line is that this just was n't what i expected . i think scott smith is a great writer , and there were parts of this i could n't move my eyes fast enough to find out what was going to happen . i just think people expecting a disturbing out of control scenario like `` plan ' could be in for a surprise . this feels like what stephen king would do if he had written the hit tv show 'lost ' . yes the book is plenty suspenseful , and to me , it 's strengths lie in the horror of how people react to a certain situation , not necessarily because of the event or object itself . however , i felt by the end it was becoming a tad silly ala 'little shop of horrors ' , and i found myself rolling my eyes a bit .
= not at all what i was expecting
< not what i expected

> i liked the idea of caffeinated water . it 's a great option for me while i 'm dieting . the only thing i drink day in and day out is water and black coffee . i hate diet pop so i only allow myself a coke about once a week . this is a great way for me to get some caffeine while i 'm depriving myself of pop.this water does n't taste bad but i would n't say it tastes great either . i 'm kinda picky when it comes to drinking bottled water . i have 1 or 2 brands that i really like while i never buy any of the others because i 'm not big on the taste . if this water was laying i 'd drink it . if it were on sale i might buy it but unfortunately the taste is n't good enough that i 'll be going out and buying this often .
= was n't bad but it was n't great either ...
< good idea but not great

> what to say about this book ? well first i will say greg cage has a heart that any woman would want to curl up in and take residence . greg has gone though a lot in his life but he always wants to be the white knight . so when axel and izzy get married he does n't know who to be that white knight for . then he meets melissa , this woman has gone through some of the same struggles that greg has but in another way . when her sister died there was a child left behind . i like how not only does greg want to be her white night he wants to be cohen 's too . this is a great book about falling in love with just the right man and being willing to fight for that love . i would recommend this book to anyone .
= so so good
< loved it !

> it is incredibly difficult for a huge company or even any company or even most bakeries to make a chocolate chip cookie that tastes homemade . apparently chocolate chip cookies are one of the hardest to duplicate . while i did not expect this to taste like homemade , i expected just a bit more out of this cookie especially with this flavor . i love the regular chocolate chip cookies from this company so i thought i would love these also.this product certainly delivers what it claims with the fudge stuffed aspect . it is rich and fudgy , with a yummy creamy center and nice bits of chocolate pieces , but the cookie surrounding the fudge is too chemical tasting for me . if you want the option of having a fudge stuffed cookie then stick to the megafudge style .
= certainly not home made
< rich and fudgy

> as the other amazon.com reviewers have glowingly commented , 'the curious incident ... ' is really a unique reading experience . any book which is written in the first person , narrated by a teenager , a teenager with autism no less , has to be considered special . fortunately the author treats this young man and his long-suffering parents with dignity . it never degrades to a tear-jerker , nor does the author resort to sterotypes.as for the story , well ... the title says it all . it is simply about a very bizarre incident in the life of this autistic young man and how he responds to it . it 's equally humorous , sad and touching.bottom line : the sort of book you 'd loan to your friends .
= very curious indeed !
< a unique reading experience

> since there are already over 1100 reviews of this book ( probably all extremely positive ) i will only add a few very personal comments here rather than write a more general review.there is only one word for this story -- intense . from almost page 1 until the end of the book over 200 pages later you are in 100 % total immersion in one of the most suspenseful sci-fi books ever written . i have been a big reader of many of the major names in sci-fi , especially clarke , asimov , and heinlein , having read every book they 've written , and rarely did their best stuff draw me in like this one did . in a class by itself . do n't miss it .
= intense ! ! !
< the best of the series

> after trying several energy drinks , ( frs , red line , red bull , etc ) i think i 've found my new favorite . first off , the taste of this product is fantastic ! i love the grape and how it almost has a fizz to it . very , very yummy.using the back for my recommended dosage/usage needs , the basic 2 scoops for 10-12 ounces of water worked out just fine . not sure i 'd ever want to go for 6 or 8 scoops , but hey , who knows.another nice thing was no crash at the end of the day.now , if i can just find it cheaper .
= solid energy with a great taste .
< my new favorite

> sean ferro just keeps getting hotter and hotter ! bring your mittens and your fire extinquishers when you read this installment . the love scene between avery and sean is scalding hot . avery is totally lost and in love with sean . for her , there is no turning back . for him , she is the beginning of a future he never envisioned.the plot twist here will amaze you . i felt like i was reading not only en erotic story , but a thriller with a suspenseful twist . i am sitting at the edge of my seat now waiting for next month 's installment ... who is after sean and avery ?
= hot does not describe it
< sean and sean

> the lipton tea and honey to go packets , decaf iced black tea half and half berry lemonade is not to sweet to drink . some drink mixes of this ilk are too sweet . the other thing i liked about this beverage mix was how the tea was decaf . i 'm trying to watch my caffeine intake as too much caffeine makes me jittery and i ca n't sleep at night.one of these packets will make two 8 ounce servings for a total of 5 calories per 8 ounce serving , if i remember right . if you are watching your caloric intake , please keep this in mind.recommend.penmouse
= not too sweet
< not to sweet to drink

> forget the last 1,367 bond movies , this one reinvents the character . when i first saw this , i was confused as to what it was , but later , i realized they were starting over . bond enters a high-stakes poker tournament at casino royale in montenegro . le chiffre , the bad guy tries to win , but bond must beat him . with the help of vesper lynd , bond must stop the bad guy . if you love action films and james bond , you 'll love casino royale ! ! ! !
= bond 's first mission ! ! !
< casino royale

> my hubby and i really enjoyed this dish . very similar to hamburger helper cheeseburger macaroni . it 's great if you have kids or just as a meal by yourself . if you want , you can substitute ground beef for the boca ground crumble and it still tastes good . it 's real easy to prepare in a single skillet . i like that it is the creamy cheese , instead of the powder.the second time i made it - i add bacon bits , so it had a more bacon cheese burger taste .
= excellent !
< great for kids

> holy moly , this book has the mother of all cliffhangers for sure . i effin ' love this series and i can not wait for 16 to happen . then again , i 'm also dying for trystan 's story . fan me now , trystan is hot as hades and teaming up with the infamous sean ferro is like a testosterone overload with a side order of moodiness . wow , just wow ! constance can kiss my hind end . she is a b to the itch for sure !
= the mother of all cliffhangers
< i 'm in love with this series !

> i was a little skeptical given the `` marriage to a billionaire '' title , then was ready to dump it after the first chapter which was confusing to me but really wanted to enjoy a day of reading , so i persevered on . i am so glad i did ! loved , loved , loved the fiery characters which made for some comical retorts . the hot friction and the sex scenes were in my opinion perfect . well done jennifer .
= do n't let the 'billionare '' title put you off
< loved it !

> i move a lot . these are without question some of the best and easiest boxes i have used to date . they pop together and they are not flimsy like duck brand and so many of the others . you ca n't go wrong with these . they are a good size too , so you do n't overload and end up with back breaking heavy boxes that you ca n't carry . these are definitely a repeat for me .
= popped right together and sturdy
< great for a boxes

> jasmine and derek 's story is beautifully told and you get to meet drew and ryan the next two tycoons of the series.jasmine used to be the rich girl in love with the boy from the wrong side of the tracks.. they have a bad fallout and 10 yrs later he is now the tycoon and she is barely existing . he is out for revenge but things are not adding up . lets see what he finds out .
= the tycoon 's revenge
< another great book by derek 's story

> apps are apps . but just try to live without them . this critter is very efficient in finding what you and find and delivering the goods . got a few minutes to kill then just use this critter for perusing and planning.it is sort of ironic having a netflix app on a kindle but i am eclectic when it come to online movie suppliers.as they say `` watching means never having to say you are sorry . ''
= watch things you never though you would watch .
< great movie

> i liked it . i have used secret throughout the years and this was my first time with this formula and i liked the way it made me feel fresh all day . i have very sensitive skin and i have had no irritation from my use of this product . it also washed off easy when bathing with no clumping on underarm or on close . there is some enclosed coupons for other products too .
= good stuff
< great product

> i do n't normally read sad soppy heartwretching novels which what i thought this was going to be but it was n't ! ! ! the author did n't go overboard with the drama instead choosing to let the well formed characters and the amazing story unfold . the first two thirds if the story is my favorite ! i highly recommend this is everyone , such a beautiful story..
= beautifully written !
< wow ! ! !

> i am so glad that i do n't listen to negative feedback because this book was awesome and i ca n't wait for part two . however i want those two together but you know it wo n't be that easy after the time lost and the pain he caused her . i could n't put this book down ... loved it .
= great book
< loved it

> i loved this book and i want a ferro brother ... .this book was read in less than 24 hours ... it was so good . i love how matte of fact jon is about getting in trouble and the girls they get involved with are hilarious and can hold their own with the brothers . loved it
= another great ferro book
< loved it !

> wow this book had me so emotional . loved it from start to finish . jack and cassie are just perfect for each other , but then jack had to screw up . i 'm so happy how things ended , just wish that i could read more of jack and cassie ! !
= amazing ! ! !
< wow

> i thought this deodorant did its job and smelled really good . i think i like dove antiperspirant . it works really well . this kept me dry and i did n't have to worry about the heat .
= nice deoderant , antiperspirant
< works well

> what 's to say their love is so amazing that it takes you away a bit . love walking and beautiful disaster and i loved this . wish to read more about these too .
= love travis and abby
< love

> when it works as described it 's worth 4 stars . if price per mouse is not a concern , this is for you . clean hands . dead mouse . job done .
= as advertised
< works well

> what a great book . it was nice to not have a cliffhanger at the end . it was a great beginning to end story and it did n't feel unfinished ! !
= consumed
< great book

> in short : it works , and has almost no scent . i recommend it , but it 's not perfect.generally speaking , there are two types of sunscreen : physical and chemical . i stopped using chemical sunscreens after scientists figured out that the ingredients we were smearing on our skin were readily detectable in our urine later.this product is a physical sunscreen , and along the big up-side of not moving through our skin , into our bodies , and exiting through our bladder , there 's the downside of , well , it staying on our skin . this means it never 'absorbs ' the way you expect if you 're used to chemical sunscreens , so your skin stays a little creamy.the harshest test i 've conducted on this so far was to slather on a thick layer and go do 90 minutes of yard work . i came back inside only ever so slightly pink , which given my fair skin is a minor miracle . i also came back in with grass clippings covering me like cheap confetti , stuck to the sunscreen on my skin . and it took two solid showers before i could n't feel and smell the product on my skin anymore.new research is showing that the benefits of uv exposure ( vitamin d , and now even lower blood pressure seems to be linked to sunshine ) , so i only use sunscreen for long outdoor adventures ( like the previously mentioned yardwork ) . for me , that means dealing with the consquences of a physical sunscreen are n't that big a deal , since it 's so infrequent.for my kids , though , they do n't seem to care about the residue on their skin , and there 's no way i 'm letting them near a chemical sunscreen . this works on their extremely pale skin as well as it does on mine .
= works well , but hard to clean off
< works well , but not for me

> sweet lord in heaven lots of bada**ness in this book . dee is a great bestie , everyone needs one like her to kick a**holes in the a** when they do n't know what they 're talking about , `` oh s*** , s*** ... i am not sorry for that , get that straight right now , but you need to watch your mouth and what you say about iz . until you know what 's going on , you have no room to say anything . not one damn thing . '' axel is just all man , `` if you call me holt one more effing time i 'm bending you over my knees , yeah ? i am not holt to you , and you damn well effing know it . '' good lord i so ca n't wait for beck 's story he seems so damn interesting , `` sugar , '' he starts , before turning his attention back over to dee , '' i have thought about sex , hard effing dirty sex , about a hundred times since we sat down to eat . '' looking back over at me , `` does that clear it up for you ? '' axel is a man who well does n't like his woman not wearing a shirt in front of other people , `` what did i effing say , izzy ? i would find you , you are n't effing hiding from this talk , you hear me ? now , want to effing tell me what the hell you 're doing with your effing shirt off back here ? '' he 's protective of his girl , `` do n't you move , izzy . i wo n't have locke looking at you half naked with that just effed glow about you . damn ... mmmm . i ca n't wait to be deep inside you . ''
= axel
< i 'm not sorry

> note : this is a different review for me , its going to seem choppy but these are my thoughts i wrote down while i was reading the book.i am so confused by this book i do n't even know where to start . maybe it 's because i 'm reading so late at night or because its been a while since i 've read the other books in this series but all i can think while i am reading this is what the hell is going on and , this is nothing like harisons book . for instance he keeps calling her his best friend yet they have hardly been talking to each other , and now all of a sudden he wants to marry her and once they do get married all she can think about is him cheating in the future . it 's really hard for me not to throw my hands up and be done with this book . this is really frustrating ! the self doubt is continuing thought out their marriage and frankly jenna is getting on my nerves , she seems very immature at times . there also seems to be a lot of jumping one minute they 're on their honeymoon and the next they 're back in beaumont and shes talking about being around his band , but that 's not explained until nearly a paragraph later ? after struggling i 've finally finished this book , looking at all the other reviews i feel like i 've read a completely different book . the flow just was n't there for me and all of the drama just got tiring . how this band even makes money or tours is beyond me . after reading this one i 'm not really sure i will read the rest of the series .
= disappointed in this one.. contains spoilers
< not what i expected

> i had trouble believing lincoln 's mom ( robin mcleavy ) was killed by a vampire when i am pretty sure it was a zombie infestation . lincoln ( benjamin walker ) vows revenge and is taken under the tutoring of henry sturges ( dominic cooper ) a backwoods van helsing . in spite of the vampire 's brute strength , our rail splitter is able to keep pace . these are not real vampires , but those new hollywood `` twilight '' vampires that can go out into the sunlight.the events of lincoln 's life is at times out of sequence and incorrect . they put a disclaimer at the beginning of the film saying history is n't always recorded correctly . that is all fine and well , but they should have made it a little closer to demonstrate the writer took some time to do some research . as a vampire film , this has a few good special effects , but nothing we have n't seen before . there are plenty of vampire films out there i thought were vastly superior to this one . the unique aspect of this film is the addition of lincoln which frankly was n't integrated into the film that well from an historical point of view . i thought asylum ( lincoln vs zombies ) did a better job at integrating history . they spent a lot of money for special effects and a substandard script . sadly , this has been become the blockbuster norm this summer . 3 1/2 stars.parental guide : infrequent f-bomb , brief sex scene ,
= time waits for no man
< a good summer movie

> the story 'i am legend ' is a must for any vampire library and is the story used to make the film , 'the last man on earth ' . it is dark , tragic and enjoyable to read . robert neville is as close to a real person that a fictional character can get , a person trapped between the logic of his mind and the new dark age that has fallen outside his house , a new age of vampires . this story alone is a great reason for buying this book , but wait , there 's more . 10 other stories within its covers will delight and entertain you . in fact , as most of them have been on tv ( or the big screen ) in one form or the other , they already have.richard matheson is one of the major sources for many horror stories dealing with the undead , having influenced such authors as stephen king and 'i am legend ' is one of the many books that inspired the creation of 'vampire : the masquerade'.even the cover of the book i have , is cool , good artwork , so why not buy it ?
= more than great ...
< the last man on earth

> i do n't give my puppy a lot of treats unless we are training . this works great for keeping his weight down , but little for random rewards . my puppy ( a small terrier mix ) chews on everything ! i have asked around and most people have told me to find something good for him to chew on instead of the furniture . so , i tried rawhide . rawhide unfortunately untwists enough that my puppy swallows before he has chewed it enough . he then begins gagging himself on the rawhide . when i saw this bag , i figured that my problems are somewhat solved . this is not as thick as rawhide , but it is still tough enough that it provides for that chewing enjoyment my puppy craves . the stick lasted about fifteen minutes of continuous chewing . he started on it immediately and did not stop until it was completely devoured . all in all , i think this is a pretty good treat , but if you have a larger dog that chews tougher than my little one , it will probably go down quickly .
= puppy approved !
< my puppy loves it

> at the beginning of the prestige , michael caine asks us an important question , then tells us the three main stages of a magic trick . this is very important , as the rest of the movie is set up in these stages , while retaining an atmosphere of suspense and mystery . the symbolism of the canaries is crucial , in that they represent the living `` pledge '' . where do they go when they disappear ? what happens to them ? how does this pre-figure the quest of angier ( hugh jackman ) and borden ( christian bale ) to perfect the ultimate illusion ? what is it 's price ? what are the similarities between the canary trick and the transported man ? where is the `` turn '' ? what is the `` prestige '' ( payoff ) ? what does tesla really offer these men ? i find this movie fascinating . it raises so many interesting questions ! like a good puzzle , it keeps me working at it , even when it confounds me ! check it out ...
= listen to michael caine ...
< a good puzzle , but ...

> it 's been a long time since i 've used a non-disposable razor . i forget why -- probably because disposable razors are cheap and very good . their flaw is failure to survive death plunges to the shower floor.the schick hydro 5 is a very nice razor . it 's well-balanced without being heavy and the hand grip is intuitive even for a woman 's small hand . it quickly glides over ankle and knee without slicing and though plastic , seems sturdy enough to survive a cliff dive.the only drawback is the packaging . i wish the package was a bit more environmentally responsible . there 's way too much plastic in the package itself , and there 's another plastic thingy whose only purpose is to provide a skeleton for the razor . i like the box the extra blade cartridges come in , but it 's plastic too . when i finished extricating the essential components , there was a substantial pile of indestructable and unusable packaging.five stars for ease of use and effectiveness , one star deducted for packaging .
= sturdy , efficient
< nice razor , but packaging is n't the best

> first of all let me say i loved this movie . it is one of my favorites . so why am i giving it 2 stars ? this dvd has no extras ! titanic is the biggest movie ever and there 's no extras ! there have been countless tv specials on this movie about the history of the ship and how they did the special effects but none of that show up on this dvd . not even the celine dion music video of `` my heart will go on '' which is one of the biggest songs of all time . i 'm sure it 'll only be a matter of time before titanic is re-released as `` the collectors edition '' with everything i 've been talking about but that makes me even more angry . these movie companies release a dvd and then a short time later they bring out `` the collectors edition '' so everybody who bought the first one got ripped off !
= extras ?
< one of my favorites !

> after tryingpure bar organic wild blueberry , raw fruit & nut bar , 1.7-ounce bars ( pack of 12 ) , and loving it , i had high hopes for this organic cherry bar . after trying the fresh flavor of the blueberry bar , i expected this to taste of fresh cherries and nuts . unfortunately , the cherries definitely did n't taste fresh , and i could n't finish the bar . even get my husband ( who absolutely loves everything cherry ) did n't like the cherry bar.. i 'm glad i tried the blueberry bar first ; i might not have given it a chance if i had tried the cherry bar first.i 'll give it three stars for being a healthy food . if you 're really into dried fruit , you might like this . if you hope for a fresh flavor , you 'll probably be disappointed ( as i was ) .
= these disappointed my taste buds ...
< fresh flavor , but not a bad flavor

> i have a three year old that is potty training so i thought we would try these instead of the other training pants we usually use.these are pretty absorbent , they did not explode or leak when put to the test with my son 's massive bladder . they were however fairly stiff , i stretched them out to 'loosen ' them up to aid in stretching them over his legs , he wears a size 6 diaper and these fit him well . i thought it was kind of funny that they bothered to put a design on these training pants when you can hardly see it through the brown color of the pant.overall , i like them , but not enough to use them regularly . i keep coming back to thinking the stiffness is probably uncomfortable for my little man although he did not say anything when i asked him about it .
= stiff but absorbent
< not enough to use

> crash has its absorbing sequences , and as many reviewers have mentioned , it has more than passing resemblance to magnolia , which is superior in every way . the subject of race in today 's america is certainly a noble subject to bring to life in a movie - the issue with this film is that it is didactic , completely predictable and way too clever to be even remotely believable . each performer is given two specific qualities- their racist self and their human self . and just like a nifty puzzle , all of these sides come together in a rather absurd stew by the time we get to the `` revelations '' sequence at the end . the musical score and cinemtography are so purposely dramatic and harsh that they end up becoming overbearing . how on earth did this forgettable , uninvolving movie ever win best picture ?
= best picture ?
< crash in the world

> i 've been an avery fan for years and quite frankly did n't even know 3m made these . the avery-compatible template worked perfectly and i printed on the same sheet several times without problems ( i know this is n't recommended but - let 's face it - in the real world it happens ) . i think there are two major factors that make these labels superior : - they 're exceptionally easy to peel off , since there 's a margin between each label , so anyone with mailing lists would find these a snap.- the adhesive is not like crazy glue for your fingers , so if you were labeling hundreds of items , they would n't make your fingertips raw like many other brands.there 's only so much you can say about a pack of labels , but i ca n't fault these at all .
= better than avery
< 3m labels

> themoshi ivisor ag anti-glare screen protection for kindle fire ( does not fit hd models ) - bubble free installationcurrently costs around twenty dollars and it 's worth the price . finally , a great screen protector for my fire that is extremely easy to apply , simple to remove and reapply , traps no bubbles , is washable , and does not affect the sensitivity of the touch screen . when you have a great screen protector , you only need one and not a package of multiples ! i prefer this anti-glare screen protector to any others i have or have had on any electronic devices . i highly recommend the moshi ivsor and only suggest that you be sure you 're ordering the right size for your device because of the black frame !
= finally , a screen protector worth it 's price
< great screen protector for kindle fire !

> although there is not a lot to write about windshield wipers , i have found this to be an excellent product . in the past i have just applied whatever brand the local mechanic had in stock and did n't pay too much attention to it . as i get older i am having more difficulty with my vision , and driving in the rain exacerbates the problem . therefore , a higher grade wiper is crucial for safe driving in the rain . the anco c-22-ub contour wiper blade is quite effective , leaving a streak-free surface.as much as it rains here in the pacific northwest it is crucial to have good windshield wipers . i highly recommend these anco wipers . they work beautifully in even the worst rain storms .
= i can see clearly now
< excellent product

> this book was everything . i can not even put the words together . we all waited so long . now it 's here and done . know what to do . the whole trilogy was awesome . kristy you rock like no tomorrow . tears were shed , hearts were broken but to no suprise things did come full circle . feeling came out and the healing began . i have never read such a triogly that kept me on the edge.. the wait for crashed was so worth it . kristy put her heart snd soul in these books to make them the best and let me tell you she is the best . keep p the work and looking foward to more . we love you kristy
= still in awe
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> this is one of the nicest screen protectors i have seen to date . it is a bit thicker than most and is like having a silicone mat on your screen . it will protect what you need plus some . it is very shart and the no bubble is amazing . i have used some other screen protectors and they are really garbage compared to this one . they say you get what you pay for and with this screen protector you get more than you pay for . i would highly recommend this to everyone and anyone as my first and top most pick . do n't quibble about a little extra money as this one is totally worth it .
= real quality !
< excellent

> this is the perfect size for a snack or a light meal replacement . it has 220 calories . i like the salty sweet flavor . the mixture is mostly nuts with only a few cranberries . the orange blossom honey has a slight aftertaste , but it 's still something i enjoy.i like the ease of opening the package , and i often rip it lengthwise , so that i can easily eat out of the package -- like a boat.i also tried the classic fruit and nut blend , which is good if you like more fruit than nuts . the dried fruit was not too sweet and sugary as some turns out .
= love these
< perfect snack

> file this under : why did n't someone think of these sooner . these little post-it tabs are very convenient and functional . i used the ones amazon sent me for my home filing system -- much more simple than those little plastic tab holders . however , i can also think of a number of other uses -- they would be quite handy in an office environment for reviewing documents -- much more sturdy than that little post-it note ( i love those , do n't get me wrong , but ... . ) you use to flag that all important page . these are a highly-recommended office accessory .
= great new product
< great for office filing

> this drink flavor is so much better than the watermelon/strawberry flavored drink . this kiwi/berry drink is less sweet , and has less calories than the other switch drink . this drink contains 135 calories , with 33g surgar , 34g carbs . this is a carbonated juice drink with no added sugar or preservatives . i liked this drink better than the first drink i tried because it did n't taste as sweet as the watermelon/strawberry flavored drink . i am glad i took the opportunity to try a different flavor , this drink was refreshing , and thirst quenching . thanks for the sample !
= switch drinks
< delicious !

> i have never been a fan of chips ahoy cookies , there is something about them that tastes artificial to me . but these chewy gooey cookies change that for me ! they are just what they say they are , nice and soft and chewy with just the right amount of chocolate fudge inside . i love the white chocolate chips in them as well , they add a nice crunch to the otherwise soft cookie . these remind me of cookies you can find in a popular store located in most malls . i will be buying these cookies again !
= so good !
< delicious !

> this tea is nice for a change from the usual array of other teas . it definitely turns a dark bluish-purple when the bag is allowed to set in hot water for a few minutes . my husband and i both had a blackberry vanilla tea last night and though the flavor was not earth-moving , it was good though i could not really detect much , if any vanilla flavoring . the pyramid shaped tea bag itself , is a plastic mesh so it ca n't be composted which is what we like to do with our used tea bags .
= lipton blackberry vanilla tea
< nice for a change

> i really enjoyed the acting of actor steve carell in the office , but this movie , the 40 year old virgin , was just ... bad . crude , rude , ... bad acting , bad dialogue , terrible treatment of women ... steve carell , i did n't know you were so hard up for money . please do n't do it again . yes , there are some dramatic scenes , but they ca n't save the movie.i need to go now and wash my eyes ...
= just ... bad
< bad

> i was disappointed . louie zamperini 's story was heartwarming , heroic and nightmarish at the same time . i just wish he had told it . hillenbrand gives lots of historic details that bring world war ii to vivid life . i recently read urquhart 's `` the forgotten highlander '' which depicts his personal experiences in the pacific and it was every bit as horrible as zamperini 's but he told his own story . by comparison hillenbrand 's book feels second hand and a little exploitive .
= story of a brave american .
< heartwarming and heartwarming

> i thought the book was pretty good , had my emotions all over the place . rush was a jacka $ $ , then i liked him , then i loved him , then i got mad at him again and then finally i felt bad for him , ugh ... . as for blair , very likable character , ag did a great job developing both of them ... the ending had me very sad and my heart broke ... looking forward to book 2 ! !
= i liked it , ca n't wait for book 2
< pretty good

> i received this speed stick gear antiperspirant through the amazon vine review program . my husband tested the product . he is a very heavy sweater , and works outside in all types of weather conditions . he frequently complains that certain antiperspirants do n't work for him . however , he said that this product kept him dry throughout a hot summer day . the cool motion scent is okay , a bit strong , but not overly much .
= works well ...
< speed stick gear antiperspirant

> now is leo and samantha 's turn . although reluctantly , samantha 's attraction to leo can not be denied . i loved how leo slowly but surely , crept into her life and `` pounced '' . the chemistry and smoldering heat between these two will leave you fanning yourself . kristen proby , this series just keeps getting better and better . rock on !
= rocking great ! !
< leo and samantha 's attraction

> i must say what a surprise i throughly enjoyed it laughed cried heartbreaking moments that steal your breath away i must say had me fooled close till the end and my god what a twist loved it soooooooo much this autrhor is awesome will def be recommending her to all my friends ! ! ! ! ! buy it u know u want to : )
= amazing ! ! ! ! ! !
< wow

> wow ! ! this was a hot read ! ! lucien is sex on a stick ! sophie and lucien are scorching together . i love that he opened her up to new possibilities that made her stronger and more sure of herself . i ca n't wait to read what happens after that ending !
= hot , hot , hot
< hot ! hot ! hot ! hot !

> although i love playtex , i actually was n't that pleased with these . the super are not comfortable for everyday use . although the applicator works well , the deodorant protection made me a little wary . it does n't sound very natural . where does that protection come from ? chemicals ?
= was n't too sure about these
< playtex is the best

> i love this film so much and the extended edition does not disappoint . great interviews with christopher lee and viggo mortensen on the 'history of middle earth ' featurette as well as the creation of gollem . look 's like meat is back on the menu , boys !
= so much better & amp ; more fun than the first
< great film

> i was expecting a lovey romance type book , but this is so much more . i am not a dark side reader but this is definitely that !
= not at all what i expected !
< great read !

> lila is like the best friend ella could ask for `` we should make a dads suck club , '' she suggest sarcastically . `` i 'm sure a lot of people would join . '' oh micha i see you have n't changed much and i love you for that , `` that 's a really nice mental picture you painted there , '' he growls in a husky voice . `` now i 'll have something to help take care of myself later . '' he 's so eager it 's cute , `` first things first . we 're going to go back to the hotel and take care of some much needed business . '' micha i 'm telling you that boy is so swoon-worthy i 'm having issues concentrating , `` over you , '' he says in a low voice . `` and the fact that you 're sleeping only inches away without a bra on and all i want to do is touch you . it 's driving me crazy . '' micha is an interesting drunk , `` i 'm upset because my d*** has n't gotten any attention for a couple of weeks . '' sweet lord micha you really are something else , `` that way if i 'm feeling really hot and bothered i can just get you to put your leg over me and you 'll let me feel you again . you know , you 're kind of naughty when you 're in a dark room . '' jessica once again did a great job , although not surprising i always fall in love with her bookies !
= oh micha how i 've missed you
< micha

> they are up against the glass window . sean and avery can not keep away from each other even though they know they are in danger ; just waiting for a killer to show up . and then , the glass shatters ... ok , that is all i am telling you . i really do not want to spoil this for you . if you have been following this best selling series , you know we are about to find out who is after avery.h.m . ward has once again proven herself to be the master of romantic/erotic suspense . for those of us totally hooked on this series , we have seen plot twists come up we never even imagined were possible . you know what ? every one of those twists has been dead on target and totally possible ... we just did n't see them coming . this is why this is a most loved series by this gifted author.these characters have become so real to me i must admit i think of them as real people . when did i loose my mind , you ask ? the moment i was hooked on this love affair between sean and avery in the first installment . sean ferro is as enigmatic as he is handsome . this man has secrets still yet to be uncovered and i want to be there , first in line , when all is revealed . avery is so naive . hang in there girl ! we are all cheering for you ! i received an arc for my honest review .
= genius at work
< i 'm hooked on this series !

> again i had the same issues with this book that i had with the last one . you can kinda excuse olivia for her emotional issues but the blatant disregard that alexander has for her safety every time he thinks that he is the one being hurt bugs the heck out of me . the way he fails to inform her of anything so she wo n't keep running from him bugs me even if he did n't tell her everything just enough to keep her with him or her security team . and why does n't he check in this book when she is not with her security protection detail what happened to them instead of blaming her . how does a woman with no training get away from men and women with full training . this should have exposed cheryl in some way . i am hoping that so many things come out in the third book because right now i am not happy with these characters at all . alexander knows there is a problem and needs to step it up . olivia need to decide what she wants listen to her friends and therapist and start living life and stop running from things that bug her . that is another thing that gets me if everyone is telling her the same things then why is n't she at least considering they might be right ? over all it is a well written story that kept me with it if only to see where these characters will go from here .
= good
< i 'm not happy with this book

> i never read the novels this film is based on so i ca n't say i 'm really a fan of the genre . that said , i enjoyed `` master and commander '' immensely . i thought that director peter weir captured the claustrophobia of being aboard a warship circa 1800 and the feeling of being embattled at sea . the construction of the ships , from every creaking plank and rusting nail , is flawless . the sound and cinematography here is superb . as far as the story , it 's slow going at first but as the film progresses and the characters become more fleshed out it picks up momentum . as far as the performances , what can you say about russell crowe , probably one of the most versatile actors working today . he can add another memorable character in jack aubrey , the cocksure and determined captain of the h.m.s . surprise . he is equalled by paul bettany , the ship 's surgeon and naturalist , stephen maturon . these two are as much confidantes as adversaries . whereas aubrey obsesses over attacking a state of the art french ship , the acheron , maturon lobbies aubrey about taking a more cautious approach . one could almost draw an obvious parallel in modern pop culture ( dare i say it ? kirk and mccoy ) . anybody looking for a well told story that takes it 's time this is the film for you .
= rousing seafaring flick
< a great film for you

> i grew up in a household with a tide laundry detergent using mom and usually selected the same powder when i left the nest . although i 'm in the minority , i still prefer a powder detergent , but tend to purchase the liquid options ( seldom the individual pods ) because they are more available in the unscented varieties . when offered the tide high efficiency liquid laundry detergent , coldwater clean fresh scent , 48 loads , 92 fl oz , i was interested in seeing how it compared to the bottle i have in my storage room of the standard ( 2x ) tide coldwater clean fresh scent detergent which i use when i need a cold laundry load or do n't mind a little scent . this looks virtually the same dark blue , has the same scent , and when i used a bit less than the original in our building washing machine ( ca n't convince the other board members to move to he machines ) , it cleaned as well . this detergent is also usable in warm or hot water , not just cold water , but it certainly is good to have on hand for those delicate items . i also keep a small bottle of this in my home for hand washing and use a very minimal amount . i appreciate not having many suds to rinse in either application .
= life long user of tide for super cleaning
< tide high efficiency clean fresh scent

> it 's paris in 1899. christian , a young english poet , comes to paris to pursue a penniless career as a writer . however , he soon meets a group of bohemians who tell him that he should write a musical show for them to be performed at the moulin rouge , the most famous underworld night club in paris . the night they arrive at the moulin rouge , christian meets satine , the club 's star and a beautiful courtesan . he falls head-over-heels in love with her and though it takes a bit of convincing , she falls for him as well . meanwhile , the club 's owner , harold zidler , invests in a wealthy duke to help pay for the club , however , the duke will only pay if satine is his . this crazy love triangle twists and turns . and little does satine know that she has a deadly secret that could end everything . visually it is superb , an indulgent feast for the eyes with every breathtaking , artistic scene . everything about it is over the top , every scene more stunning than the next , and as it continues , your heart becomes more and more intertwined in the love story . it pushes against the confines of convention and leaves you breathless . a stunning , visual feast .
= moulin rouge ! ( widescreen edition )
< a stunning , visual feast for the eyes

> i have pretty bad dandruff . i have tried pretty much every shampoo out there ( even using prescription shampoo from my dr. at one point ) now i use head and shoulders regularly and it seems to work ok. i was excited to try this product b/c you can apply it to wet or dry hair . the first time i used it on my wet hair immediately after getting out of the shower . it felt nice and light on my scalp and dried out nicely in my hair , leaving no real noticeable residue or greasy look to my scalp . then i decided to try it on my dry hair . it went in nicely again , and i used the same amount i did when applying it to wet hair . it did n't absorb as well and did leave my hair a bit greasy looking-not like `` eww , she needs a shower '' greasy , but more like `` oh , you have n't washed your hair in 2 days greasy '' . overall , it feels good on the scalp and does seem to alleviate the visible flakes . i would say do n't use it on dry hair , though , make it part of your just out of the shower routine for best results .
= provides good relief
< works well

> we ended book # 8 with marty as avery 's next client & although marty would be ideal boyfriend material , there is just no spark there & they need to remain friends if that is even possible . avery continues to be naive & stupid at times , answering a text from some random number and typing out `` sean ? '' and when the guy says yes she just accepts it . and then the snowball rolls right downhill as her next client , `` sean '' , wants to do a whole sexting/videoing date with her . of course avery tracks sean down & their conversation starts to get confusing when avery realizes she is going to be in huge trouble with black since she is n't sure where the sexting & videos went . the reason i give this short , somewhat boring book a four star review is because the videoing session was majorly hot ! and sean desperately wants to go back to his old ways & leave avery behind ( no ! ! ! ) but he ca n't seem to be turned on by random women anymore ( yes ! ! ! ) .
= sean & avery
< not what i expected

> i 'll keep this review short , mainly because i do n't want to give out any spoilers . after all , i did n't read any before opening the book and i am glad i did n't , many events in the book caught me by a complete surprise and i loved it ! `` catching fire '' is a sequel equal in quality to `` hunger games . '' the writing is superb , action-packed , and emotional . it did lack the perfect pacing of the first book , the first half was a little slow and for some time i was n't sure where it was going , but it picked up immensely in the later part.what else can i say ? this book was all i wished for and even more ( and my expectations were very high after rereading `` hunger games '' ) . i am dying to get my hands on the last 3rd book ! p.s . if before reading `` catching fire '' i was concerned whether i would be able to stay on team peeta with more time given to gale , i am not any more ...
= when is the third book coming out ? !
< i loved it !

> after suffering through will smith 's sleepwalk performance in mib ii , i was pleased by the energy level he brings to this fast paced fun movie . smith lives in a world where robots are commonplace , serving humans ( reminicent of the 4th planet of the apes movie ) as nannies , butlers , and general servants . he is called to solve the murder of a scientist , who was his friend . the only possible suspect seems to be a robot . the only problem is that robots are subject to isaac asimov 's 3 laws , meaning that it is impossible for a robot to harm a human.as things progress we also learn that smith , a robot hater , is part robot himself , with some bionic parts . as things progress we find out that there maybe the three laws are not absolute and there may be some ways around it.there are some fast paced tense scenes and there are some enjoyable supporting characters such as smith 's mother and the lady robot scientist that smith seems to like .
= fun and good special effects
< the best of the series

> synopsis : in the world of middle earth , a homebody , worrisome , comfort oriented hobbit is convinced to go on a long , wondrous quest with a wise , old wizard and fourteen dwarves . at the end of this journey lies a huge quantity of dwarven wealth . only problem is that it 's guarded by the most fearsome dragon in the realms . concept : the creator of hobbits and the father of fantasy . the concept itself deals with a stay at home hobbit , bilbo baggins , who is given the opportunity to partake in a long hazardous quest to recover lost dwarvish treasures from a guardian dragon . promises plenty of adventure , amazing tales , encounters with mean monsters , wizards and long gone history.this is the best fantasy novel to start with for fantasy series ; even above harry potter ( gasp ! yes , i said it ) . i even gave this to two former girlfriends , both pretty and both not fitting the stereotype of fantasy readers , and they both loved it .
= brilliant , absolutely brilliant ! ! ! !
< the best fantasy novel to start with a long time

> now i know why i 've been hearing about this series for so long ... lots of sex . there is n't that much bad language though , but if these things offend thee , seek thy reading elsewhere.with 900 reviews already here , there 's not much for me to add except for a few brief personal observations , both of which i feel are critical to assessing whether you will enjoy this book . first , it 's well written . ms. harris has a way of plotting that is rather unique . all of the events or possible turnings that other writers would make into 'something important ' -- which the reader would guess would happen -- she has sookie mention as obvious . and what a relief ! imagine a character as intelligent as her audience.second thought is that the book could have been shorter . lots of good stuff here , but i got a tad impatient.worth looking at if you want a fun read . innovative and refreshing.pam t~
= cute , well written and a bit long
< innovative and innovative

> this was another case in which the book and the movie ( which i saw first ) both met expectations , which is quite a compliment . the movie is stunning in its cinematography and simplicity but the book was just as good , if not better.tracy chevalier `` paints '' a picture with her prose as eloquently as the photographers did in the subsequent movie . it might sound like a reviewer 's cliche , but you do feel `` like you are there . '' in this case , `` there '' is 17th century holland , and in the home of famous painter johannes vermeer.it 's one of those rare cases where i would recommend seeing the film first . you then have a portrait in your mind of the main figures and the picturesque area . since , admittedly , the film was slow-moving , i was worried the book might be dry ... .but it was n't . it was fascinating .
= as solid & beautiful as the movie
< a case of a picture

> yes , this deodorant is as effective as any i 've ever used , perhaps even better . but i 'm not wild about secret 's delivery system.the deodorant is mushed up thru small slots of a plastic top so it 's not a direct application exactly . i would n't care all that much but whatever might `` grow '' on the exterior plastic will also get applied to your skin . the only solution to this is to periodically wipe the top with an alcohol swap , a bit of a hassle . one hopes that in more direct delivery applicators that there 's something in the deodorant itself to kill off bacteria . and , of course , this all becomes a moot issue with aerosol sprays.i 'll probably stay with my old deodorant ( tussy cream ) because i can apply however much i want and there 's no direct contact between the container and the skin .
= effective ... the delivery system is quirky
< not a direct application , but not a good product

> this coffee maker makes such good coffee that the taste of it takes me back to my favorite caf & eacute ; ! not only is the taste perfect , but this maker strains the grounds very well , in spite of the fact that i did not use coarsely ground coffee . in addition , i usually use it for only one four-ounce serving , and it works well , even for this small amount . it is very easy to use . a perfectly sized measuring spoon is included , to make measuring the coffee foolproof . moreover , cleaning this coffee maker is so effortless . the strainer came clean with a few rinses . i love this coffee maker . it easily and quickly gives me a taste of my favorite place in the world !
= takes me back to my favorite caf & eacute ; in france !
< good taste , good taste , good taste

> come on , george , enough ! this ridiculous cgi nonsense is garbage . stop messing with the films , and give us the original theatrical releases already ! if you had to mess with them , you could at least have done a decent job of it . look at how realistic the lord of the rings films looked . now that 's how you do effects . but if you 're going to do the crappy cgi stuff , do n't bother doing anything at all ! i just ca n't understand why it is so hard to just give the fans what they want . stop assuming what fans want and insisting on forcing this crap down their throats , and give them what they are actually asking for !
= enough , george !
< ridiculous !

> the bottom line : i liked the island and thought transformers would be an enjoyable romp , so i was pretty shocked by how bad this overlong mess of a movie was , with jaw-droppingly awful attempts at humor ( little girl upon seeing a transformer : `` are you the toof fairy ? '' ) ridiculous action sequences ( for those of us who like to actually understand what 's going on during a fight ) wooden acting ( i 'm looking at you megan fox ) and almost nothing to recommend it at all ; some will tell you that it 's just supposed to be eye-candy , but this `` candy '' tastes vile and having to chew on it for 144 minutes is disgusting.1.5/4
= insipid from start to finish
< overlong ,

> full disclosure : i do n't generally enjoy starbucks coffee , mainly because it often tastes bitter at the stores , and i have n't had a flavored coffee in quite a while . for both those reasons , i was pleasantly surprised with this pack of starbucks vanilla , which balances the flavor with a mellow , smooth brew . made in a french press , it 's the perfect afternoon shot-in-the-arm , and the vanilla really is n't as over-powering as i expected . from a pricing standpoint , it 's well priced for two bags , and i can definitely see myself stocking up for holidays , which seem to be the perfect time of year for flavored coffee .
= a very smooth coffee with a subtle flavor
< good flavor , good flavor

> i have to admit that i 'm a real cheapskate when it comes to razors . i buy the cheapest ones i can find and then use them for months.getting to try this razor through the vine program was a real treat . the razor looks great , feels great , and does an outstanding job . compared to what i 've been using it 's like the cadillac of razors.the only problem i had was that i was a bit too eager to get the safety off and cut the f*** out of my thumb . yeah , that 's a me issue , but i do want to make everyone aware to be careful with these things .
= a pleasure to use
< great razor

> but that 's about it . some of the effects are really cool to look at , but the mixture of mod-tech with a realtively visually unchanged rest of the world looked off to me . also , the story is pretty pedestrian in spite of it 's excellent premise . underneath all of the fancy gadgets and clever lights is the same old tired mystery that is too easy to figure out . cruise is neither a great actor nor action hero ( although he does display some good pantomime skills ) and should start to rethink his carreer choices . anyway , it 's fun to look at for the first 90 of its ' 225 minutes .
= lots of bells and whistles ,
< i liked it

> silver linings playbook was the feel-good movie of 2013. jennifer lawrence won an oscar for best actress . you get a blu-ray , dvd , a digital copy , and an ultraviolet copy in this combo pack . the picture quality is terrific and the audio quality is great . there is 96 minutes of total bonus content ( but no audio commentary ) .video resolution/codec : 1080p/avc mpeg-4 | aspect ratio : 2.40:1audio formats : english dts-hd master audio 5.1 surround , french dolby digital 5.1 surroundsubtitles/captions : english subtitles , spanish subtitlesspecial features : deleted scenesfeaturettesdance rehearsalgoing steadicam with bradley cooperq & a ; highlightsbuy this blu-ray !
= silver linings playbook on blu-ray/dvd combo
< `` feel-good movie ''

> vitamin squeeze energy drink is a different twist on taking ( some ) of your daily vitamins . simply squeeze into a glass of water and drink . it contains vitamin c , b3 , b6 , calcium ( in the form of calcium lactate ) and potassium ( in the form of potassium phospate k3po4 for you chemistry students ) , along with vitamins a and b12 . great for people `` on the go ... '' try it for yourself and see if it makes a difference ! i rate vitamin squeeze energy drink , fruit punch , 12-ounce : 4 stars ...
= vitamin squeeze energy drink , fruit punch , 12-ounce ( pack of 4 ) ...
< vitamin squeeze energy drink , fruit punch , fruit punch , fruit punch , fruit

> this book was amazing . was lauging out loud on what peeta had said of him and katniss and was suprised too that he said it . but to me when they went to the games it was kinda slow due to there was no killing each other and i was kinda confused , until it came out of why and so it made sence . i cried because of how katniss felt for peeta . now im on the 3rd book . but anyways this book it worth it and its a wonderful read ! !
= amazing
< wow ! ! !

> ok this book totally rocked ! ! ! i 'm been crying right now from the story it was that good ... i wish i was loved so completely that i was never forgotten or left behind . this story is remarkable and thrilling . i am so in love with ian and sparrow should have forgiven him sooner . i mean yeah he was a douche but pulease . get over it girl ! every relationship has flaws and this book magnified it ten fold . thank you ! ! !
= thank you ! ! ! thank you ! ! ; - )
< wow ! ! !

> first , thank you j. crownover for delivering another rockin book . i loved this story . i love the style of writing , characters , chemistry and the hot ass sex scenes..whoa ... lol . it was great to read about the gang again . cuz , seriously i just love rule , he 's one of my favorite book boyfriends , now jets been added to the list . ca n't wait for the next book in the series ! great job ! ! !
= this book completely rocked ! !
< another great book by j. crownover

> this drink has too much ginger for my taste . i like ginger just not this much in one drink . i tried to improve the taste by adding honey and that helped but not enough for me to be able to drink it . 10 minutes after taking a few sips my tongue was still burning from the spices , not the heat . more lemon might have helped the flavor a bit but the ginger is quite strong .
= spicy hot ...
< too much ginger

> this book was fantastic . ca n't say enough about nick rixey . alpha male , good looking , sexy , protective of becca the moment he discovers she 's in danger . the love scenes are sizzling and the plot keeps you turning the pages to find out what happens . ca n't wait for the next installment .
= hard as it gets
< loved it !

> i had thought that i would n't find another fantasy writer of robert jordan 's caliber . but then i picked this up and could n't put it down . it 's very intense , gritty , and has more of a medieval feel than jordan . the best new sf/fantasy author i 've come across in many years .
= excellent writing , in the same class as robert jordan
< a great read

> i found this product to be a step above hamburger helper . the sauce seemed smoother and had a more flavorful taste . the taste was very good , but maybe a tad on the salty side , but not so much so that was a deal breaker . this is a product i would gladly use again .
= this is pretty good stuff
< good taste , but not a good taste

> nothing special here . it 's just hyped up water . tastes like water , feels like water . no special energy from this water . and the price ? ? ? are you kidding me ? ? ? total rip-off ! drink tap or cheap bottled water !
= nothing special here
< yuck !

> this is a nice little ceramic straightner . it 's my second one . the other one that i have is a ceramic straightener by revlon . either are a good alternative to the much higher priced chi.recommended !
= great little straightner
< nice little straightner

> the book was surprisingly good ! loved the characters and story line . it was funny at times and i could n't put it down ! ! well worth reading ! !
= surprisingly good !
< loved it ! !

> this review is of the audio cd edition of the book . there are thousands of reviews of the book itself so i will focus this review only on the audiobook and narration.the narrator of this book is carolyn mccormick . she reads at an easy pace that is neither too fast nor too slow . her diction is precise , almost crisp , and her voice is pitched a tiny bit lower than many female narrators . altogether , it is an enjoyable narration.at first i thought her voice was too `` old '' for katniss ; the lower pitch of her voice sounds more adult than teenager . but i soon got past worrying about whether she sounded like katniss , especially with all the other characters in the book . she does n't do a lot of different voices for the various characters , except when the characters themselves are themselves distinctive in the way they speak , such as haymitch , effie & templeton.the cds do n't have a verbal notification that the cd has ended , so you only notice it is done when there is a long pause that you realize is n't going on to the next chapter . the track lengths are pretty good -- generally in the 4-5 minute range -- so if you get distracted and have to repeat a track , you do n't have to go back too far.i 've also read the book and although i prefer visually reading to audiobooks , this is a very enjoyable way to `` read '' this book . because of the narrator 's pace , teachers could use this narration in conjunction with the physical book to help a struggling reader follow along with the text.i will look for more audiobooks narrated by ms. mccormick ; her narration is very easy on the ears .
= well-narrated version of the hunger games
< audio cd edition of the book

> to test this product , i sprinkled a layer onto an area of my yard that one of my cats has taken to using as his private litter box . it 's bare dirt , dry , sheltered from the wind.i used about half of the package , which claims to cover 300 square feet , on this area that 's approximately 75 square feet . i did n't intend to overdose it so badly , but it 's very hard to estimate how much you 're shaking out over what square footage . ( in case you do n't feel like doing the math , that means i used about twice as much per square foot as the packaging says is necessary . ) day 1 : the cat went to his new favorite toilet , sniffed around , and meandered off . i did n't see him set foot in that space all day.day 2 : the cat went to his new favorite toilet , dug a hole , and did his business.so even at double strength , this product deterred a housecat for all of approximately one day . one windless , rainless day . that hardly seems like something worth spending money on.and speaking of money , you 're paying for something that is , by weight , less than 1 % active ingredients . that means about 0.8 ounces of this product is important , and the rest is filler . and those active ingredients are basically black pepper and a little bit of something like cayenne pepper . you can buy a 2-3 ounce container of black pepper at any grocery store for a few dollars , so why pay more than $ 20 for this ? even if it worked , it would be a waste of money .
= worked for about 24 hours
< cats like it , but it 's not for me

> today 's families snack on too much junk food such as potato chips , corn chips , donuts , cheese puffs , etc ... that are very high in sodium , fat , preservatives , artificial flavors/colorings , and msg . it 's beneficial to give healthy , natural snacks like peeled snacks apple clusters a try ! likes : > healthy , nutritional values : each 15g serving ( four per bag ) has 0 % fat , 0 % cholesterol , 0 % sodium , with 14g of total carbohydrate ( 2g of dietary fiber and 10g sugars ) . > labeled `` usda organic '' , presumably with natural/unprocessed ingredients. > that 's nice and dandy but how does the apple clusters/balls taste ? not too shabby : cinnamony , crunchy with a sweet/sour appley taste. > tasty snack on its own but even better with oatmeal or cereal+milk. > re-sealable ziploc type bag keeps clusters fresh.slight dislikes : > not as tasty as the thick , baked , natural potato chips that we purchase from the local f & e grocery store. > even though package is labeled as `` freshest by : 06/01/13 '' , the apple clusters do n't seem completely snappy fresh/crispy as expected. > a bit costly at $ 3.98 for a 60g ( 2.1oz ) bag ( at time of review ) .overall : a very healthy , crunchy , tasty snack alternative to all the junk foods my family tend to indulge in . we 'll definitely buy it the next time and try some of the other natural flavors .
= healthy , organic , crunchy snack that tastes alright .
< crunchy , crunchy , tasty , tasty snack alternative

> puurrfectly enjoyable and super hawt ! ! this is to date the hottest abbi glines book yet ! the sex scenes between the two characters are scorching hot , steamy and plentiful . loved it.the story primarily deals with falling in love with someone , but not being able to be with them due to fear : fear of oneself and fear of going against the grain due to familial and social obligations.woods the main character is sexy , hot and not into any type of commitments ; della is fragile , on the mend and is trying to experience life for the first time . during a chance encounter sparks fly and well this couple puts on their groove . wowzer hot scene ! it was supposed to be a one time deal , however neither one can forget the other.a couple of months later they run into each other and the sparks fly again . however , woods and della believe that they ca n't be or should n't be together . nevertheless , they ca n't fight their attraction or their growing feelings.the book is full of angst , jealousy and steam . it also has a storyline that will be continued in a second book . it is not a cliffhanger per say as it does n't leave you hanging , however you know it has to continue as it has no definite closure .
= perfectly hawt and steamy !
< puurrfectly enjoyable

> as i look at the reviews already here for ms. mcguire 's book , i see that i am in the minority . i found beautiful disaster a difficult book to like , however well-written.i was uncomfortable with the theme of 'extreme love ' portrayed in the book . the boy ( i can not call him a man ) and girl ( same goes ) were both deeply damaged individuals whose bumpy relationship i could not condone . the boy was violent , possessive , and angry - the girl in turns angry and forgiving ; she almost seemed to display the traits of a battered woman - consistently returning to her dysfunctional relationship . i was not rooting for them as a couple . i just did n't feel the emotional pull of a great love story.i rated the book with 3 stars , because though for the most part it was well written , i had trouble with the abrupt closings of some scenes - things seemed to resolve very quickly and wrap up with neat bows , with no explanation . i also found it hard to identify with the characters , it may be that i am just too far away from the angst of college and young love . i would however , let my daughter or young niece read the book and hope they would want to talk it over afterward .
= perhaps , just not my 'cup of tea ' of idea of love
< not what i expected

> do we really need sweet tea k-cups ? probably not . how much more difficult is it to put a tea bag in a cup ? but if you have a k-cup coffeemaker already , you might want to stock up on a few tea k-cups as well . to use these , you put the k-cup in and run the machine , letting the hot tea go into a cup full of ice.so if this were an excellent glass of iced tea , i 'd say `` go for it '' , but the tea is not quite right . i 've made multiple cups . i love iced tea , and i drink both sweet tea and un all summer . i figured these would be nice if i 'm between pitchers . but the flavor is off in some subtle way . there 's maybe a slightly chemical aftertaste ? our coffeemaker can make three sizes of coffee with the k-cups in place . i 've tried all three sizes . the big cup is too weak , the medium size is bland , and the small cup is okay , but not nearly as good as homemade tea . do n't know why , but the result has been consistent . family members agree.i like k-cups , but ultimately do n't think this iced tea version is good enough to use regularly .
= do you really need this ?
< not quite sweet

> received this book as an arc for an honest review . well this book is another cliffhanger , i am not a fan of those . that being said this book is definitely worth that disliked feeling of being left hanging . this book has lorrie in a tail spin just trying to get her life back after going through some very heavy things . in the midst of this she meets hunter . she knows she is no good for anyone and does not want to burden him with her problems so she tries to stay away from him . try as she might hunter will just not get with her program he makes sure he is there showing her that she is worth more and he wants to be that more . hunter however is hiding something as well and when it almost comes out he has to decided is love enough . this book will end with you not knowing if these to will get their hea or not that will come in the next book . you will however be rooting for these too not only for themselves but for them as a couple . i would recommend this book to anyone and everyone . ( less )
= good
< another cliffhanger

> i often ship items out to my friends/family that do n't live close , and before trying out the 3m labels was the kind of person that took a blank sheet of paper out of my printer , cut a little square and taped it on to the box . this is a far , far , better solution . i downloaded the 3m template from 3m.com/labels and it allows me to enter different addresses to do a whole sheet of labels , or i can put in one address and cut and paste to the other boxes so when i ship an item i readily have the label.these labels would also work well the old-school way ... ..just slap it on the box , write on it with a permanent marker and put a little clear tape over it.either way , you have a nice sticky label that wo n't be peeling off . as usual , you can expect a high quality product from the 3m line.now that i see how easy the templates are , i think the address labels might be a good idea for christmas cards . super easy to use-and we love user friendly items .
= convenient and high quality labels
< great for user friendly items

> when so much talent onscreen and off is assembled to weave a film from h. g. wells ' eternal tale of `` unsympathetic '' interplanetary visitors scouring the earth of we parasitic humans , hopes naturally run high . yet as i struggled to make it through this hapless , explosion-laden insult to past versions of war of the worlds , i was actually grateful for the chance to escort a young relative off for a potty break . yep , it was that bad . all the combined undeniable talents of tom cruise and steven spielberg could n't salvage this `` ruined by its horrid efforts to update it '' bit of suspense-lacking , obese-with-special effects , mistake . i like the h.g . wells source material and i like most of those involved in this version , i only wish i had been given reason to like this movie as well . hey , now that i 've survived my twenties and can expect a long life ahead of me , i look forward to the next re-make , due out around when i turn fifty . see you there ?
= why bother ?
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> if it had been a biography i might have bought it , but the only thing that saves this from a negative review is thepicture of life in kabul afghanistan in different periods.i see the writing milking sentiments from the reader.it pains me when he is successful.i think it was that there were too many `` devices '' used where one or two might have served:1 ) harelip brother2 ) whore mother3 ) death in child birth4 ) homosexual attacks5 ) car sickness6 ) lung cancer in father7 ) illegitimate half brother8 ) child abuse9 ) nazi type boyhood enemy10 ) dying uncle/ friend11 ) ins trouble getting a child into the country12 ) suicide attempt by a childlike i said the author just uses everything he could think of.there are others , but you get the idea.it is pretty good writing after all that .
= somewhat sentimental
< kabul afghanistan

> on the surface , the cabin in the woods appears to be another teens going off on a weekend getting slaughtered one by one . however , there 's more to this giddily entertaining film . that difference does n't always work for me but amidst all the chaos lies an admittedly original horror movie.my biggest complaint is there are many key scenes that are shot in the dark thereby diminishing their effectiveness . the acting overall is above average , especially richard jenkins and bradley whitford as the enigmatic lab techs . also the appearance of a noted sci-fi icon adds an unexpected boost.i think the movie has been over-hyped and its climactic conclusion over the top , but cabin is different enough to elevate it above those movies it is obviously parodying .
= a chaotic cabin
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> when i am going to wrap gifts , this is the tape i grab . it 's not shiny , so it virtually disappears when put on the gift wrap . scratching gently on it using a thumb nail or credit card causes greater adhesion , which makes it practically invisible . that 's why they call it `` magic . `` it cuts off easily with the dispenser.the dispenser is durable.other brands i have tried tend to split when i try to tear off a piece . this can render the whole roll of tape useless once you lose the `` end '' .it 's been doing a great job on gift wrap for years.no complaints , except that it keeps disappearing around my house- the kids use it for everything .
= magically disappears on giftwrap
< cuts off easily with dispenser.the

> grace moves to la at the ripe old age of thirty-three to pursue an acting career . she moves in with her hilarious best friend holly who is an agent to the stars . through holly , grace ends up meeting jack hamilton who is a twenty-four year old british actor whose own star is quickly on the rise . can a relationship between a thirty-three year old cougar and a twenty-four year old pup make it in hollywood ? i really enjoyed this book . i have to admit , though , that the storyline is n't anything special . but the writing sure is . alice can make the mundane seem exciting and new . all of the characters are funny , unique , and believable .
= bloody brilliant ; )
< alice 's best

> jim is funny about his face . he does n't like to be greasy , and i have actually caught him using a scrubby for nonstick dishes on his face . i ordered the dove face lotion for us both to try . i need more moisturizer but he loves it . he like the way it soaks in , has a light pleasant scent , does n't feel greasy . i like the spf of 15 because we both are outside a lot and he does n't remember to put sunscreen on . men are becoming more concerned about their faces , even though women have gotten old and wrinkly while men traditionally have been described as ruggedly handsome.recommended for it 's non greasy moisturizing with added spf
= husband loves it
< jim face lotion

> this seagate external usb hard drive is easy to use and does the job that 's expected of it . an additional 500 gb of storage space is something that can always be used and i 'm glad to have it.the pros of this unit are : -the hard drive stays cool during use-it is very quiet-it has a nice compact design-you just connect it and go , no software installation required-it has no problem with connecting to usb 2.0 computerthe only downfall is that you can not open the case to expand the drive . if you need more space , you need to purchase another unit.for ease of use and functionality , i think this seagate hard drive is a great choice .
= great option to expand storage space
< easy to use , easy to use

> aloe gloe is a blend of aloe , water , cane sugar and stevia . it is extremely refreshing , which i expected , but i was surprised by how good it tastes . it is sweet , but just enough to bring out the flavor of the aloe . aloe has a fresh , chlorophyll taste that is mild but pleasant . i have tried other aloe drinks with pulp ( which i oddly prefer to this pulp-free style ) and they are usually too sweet and taste little like aloe . i ca n't attest to the claims of aiding digestion and helping skin tone etc. , but i did enjoy the drink .
= tastes pleasant , all natural
< refreshing , but not too sweet

> `` speed stick gear gel deodorant fresh force '' is a strong antiperspirant/deodorant that lasts a long time . the scent is strong but pleasant . it claims to give you 48 hour protection . i have n't tried to go 48 hours without a shower and reapplying , but i can say that it does get me through a long 18 hour day , in very hot conditions . it does n't stain my shirts which is important . priced at about $ 1 an ounce , it is also inexpensive.speed stick is just a very good , inexpensive antiperspirant/deodorant . i recommend it .
= works well . strong scent .
< strong scent , good protection

> i have never liked french roast coffee because the taste was too strong for me . when i made this coffee , i enjoyed my first cup of french roast in a long time . i sat down with my bagel and my coffee and had an enjoyable morning . my stomach did n't get upset and i did n't need an anacid . yippee . the cost is high though but what i save on anacids makes it more affordable . for those of us with a touchy stomache , this is a great product .
= great flavor
< great coffee

> playtex glide super is comfortable to insert and wear . it 's very absorbant . i can wear it three hours on my heaviest day before it 's fully saturated and the string begins to leak . that 's comparable to kotex u super plus , my prefered choice.i do n't like the plain wrapper and the fact that it 's a full size applicator . compact applicators are so much muore discreet , and colored wrappers help even more to disguise them.it works , though . that 's the most important factor .
= it works
< comfortable and absorbant

> my immediate thought is that this would taste bitter.amazingly it does not , although there is a slight twinge of bitterness on the aftertaste , it 's barely there . still kind of a silly concept , but i guess so is soda/coffee to deliver caffeine . ultimately you could really amp up your coffee by using this as the water ! all said it has as much coffee as caffeine , so it 's a good boost .
= interesting concept
< not bad , but not great

> i was very pleased with both the way this book was written and how it ended . i did have some issues with laurelyn 's character as i found her character to be a little bit immature , especially when she decided she needed to hold back telling jack henry important things about her future plans . overall it was a good book and a good series .
= i liked it very much .
< good book

> oh how i love jack , cassie , melissa a and dean ! this was a very rounded ending to a great story . there is no way to not fall in love with those stinking hot carter boys and their is nothing better that reading them falling in love over and over again ! i would take 2 quarters any day of the week !
= jack effin carter ! !
< love jack , cassie !

> what a beautiful story . it turns out , i could not put this book down until i finished it . so beautifully written , i loved the character developement , a beautiful family , which we all want to get to know . it pulls you 're heartstrings , a job well done . highly recommend . looking forward to the next book .
= absolutely heaven
< beautiful story

> my now adult kids ate many of these kinds of meals when we were rushed and hungry . now that they are grown my husband and i prefer fresh foods . but i thought i would try this for old times sake . it was n't too bad after i added some broccoli and spices and a couple shots of tobasco .
= have n't had these meals in a long time
< not bad

> i ca n't picture myself every purchasing this item . so i ca n't reccomend it . it reminds me of tap water from homes that have a water softener installed.the taste is n't very remarkable , maybe if it had flavoring it would be different . except it just tastes a little strange w/ the smooth feel to it .
= um ... okaaay
< not for me

> some people are n't going to like this , but i did . i found it interesting and well-paced enough to enjoy . it has some differences from the book ( some major , other minor ) but overall it 's still a good movie . but you definitely want to read the book as well !
= decent movie
< interesting

> i had hesitated to finish this book after the first 2 chapters , but continued reading anyway . am i ever glad i continued ! ! it was outstanding and an excellent reminder of what we normally take for granted ! this ended up being an outstanding book ! !
= outstanding
< outstanding ! !

> i gave this as a gift to my mother , who is a fan of vanilla flavored coffee . she said she enjoyed it , that it had a nice vanilla smell and a smooth taste . she said she would buy it again .
= a successful gift
< great taste

> another good book by gina l maxwell . i enjoyed this installment of the series . i loved the banter of jax and vanessa as well as their chemistry . so happy to have some of lucie and reid intertwined as well
= sinful
< good book

> so frustrating ... these are the best books and it is so frustrating to wait for the next installment ... .i hate neill ..he 's a loser ... .i love bryan ... he is an alpha sexy mail ...
= great
< best book ever !

> i would totally recommend this book to everyone its great just as good as the first book.i ca n't wait to start the next book to .
= wow
< loved it

> i tried multiple times to read this but i just could n't get into it you may like it though : - )
= dnf
< not what i expected

> what an emotional rollercoaster leo just took me on ! i ca n't believe what i read just happened ! everything about this book tore me apart . every main character made me want to hug them , then slap them , then i fell in love with them all over again . i was torn , right along with claire , on who is the best man for her.some chapters were told from adam 's pov and you truly got to see how in love adam was with claire . his love for her was so deep that when he went for hawaii , it was like his life stopped . he could function on his daily tasks but it was like his spark was smothered when he could not be by claire 's side . i also felt that i , as the reader , saw adam really mature during this book . he is not only thinking about himself , but also thinking about claire and their future together . ( as you can tell , i am team adam . ) and then there was chris . his chapter 's showed you his long love for claire and how he was willing to fight to with every ounce of his being to get her back . he puts aside his career to hopefully start something again with claire and possibly get his family back.oh my , poor claire . my heart hurt from all the torture she has been through and what more she will have to endure . leo writes her pov so perfectly that you see her struggling who is the right one for her.such a great second book in the `` shattered heart '' series and i can not wait until the third and hopefully we can see what the future holds for claire , adam , chris , and abby.~bookwhisperer reviewer mc~
= bookwhisperer reviews
< bookwhisperer reviews

> may contain spoilers.i like to think i can appreciate a premise so far removed from reality as this , and certainly the filmmaker 's and writers had a choice . do we play this up with a bit of campy humor or go with the serious-play-it-straight direction . they chose the latter . as a boy , young abe sees his mother slain by a vampire and vows revenge . years later as a young man ( benjamin walker ) , he is schooled by a mysterious stranger ( dominic cooper ) in the art of killing vampires . abe 's weapon of choice is a silver laden ax , because he has some experience splitting rails . abe becomes quite adept to the point of spinning that ax like a cheerleader 's baton.interwoven during his vampire removal time in springfield , illinois he meets his wife mary ( mary elizabeth winstead ) , gets elected to congress and eventually the presidency . in a career defining period of the civil war , lincoln learns that the vampires are siding with the confederates because the slaves are nourishment for the vampires . in a terrific scene he confounds the vampire leader , adam ( rufus sewell ) boarding a train full of silver that will be used to arm the union soldiers . it 's all misdirection , easily spotted but the confrontation on the train is well done . director timur bekmambetov has some experience dealing with vampires with `` day watch '' and `` night watch '' both rather leisurely paced thrillers . i think a less serious tone might have helped with this film . at least a few bond-like quips to lighten the surroundings .
= president lincoln and vampires ... seriously !
< a good premise , but not great

> after lots of to-ing and fro-ing and actually reading a free book on my iphone kindle app , i finally bought a kindle 2. i am sorry i waited so long . i love my kindle.in the end it was a choice between the latest generation kindle 2 and thekindle dx wireless reading device ( 9.7 '' display , u.s. wireless , latest generation ) . my sister-in-law has a dx and frankly it put me off a bit.it is about the size of a legal pad , and the interface seemed clunky-no touch screen and no backlighting . a guy on a plane i recently sat next to had a kindle 2 , and was a software developer . he swore by his kindle and explained that the smaller size gadget is actually very intuitive and user friendly.after about 3 minutes with my new kindle 2 , i agreed . would a touch screen and backlight be nice ? sure if battery life is n't too compromised.for now i can use my iphone app if i need to read in a darkened room . since whispersync automatically keeps track of reading locations , i can use the kindle 2 and iphone interchangeably , a feature amazon ought to promote.the kindle , in all its forms , is a revolutionary product . this is bad news for brick and mortar bookstores , but good news for authors whether established or aspiring . textbook publishers in particular will need to rethink their business models.was it worth the wait ? no , i should have bit the bullet sooner .
= why did i put it off ?
< i love my kindle app

> one of those rare cases where everything just seems to click , goodfellas is one of a kind . nearly perfect in terms of casting , acting , directing , and so on , this is director martin scorsese ( gangs of new york , raging bull ) at his finest . revolving around the life of mobster turned rat henry hill ( ray liotta , perfectly cast ) , we bear witness to his rise in the mafia . his wife karen ( a pre-sopranos lorraine bracco ) is along for the ride as she discovers more and more of henry 's `` other family '' which both frightens and excites her . liotta and bracco are excellent , and the rest of the cast including robert de niro , paul sorvino , and joe pesci in his oscar winning role are the stuff that film legends are made of . scorsese perfectly captured the time period , and his use of music in certain scenes could not be more dead on . i still do n't know if this is indeed the best mob movie ever ( it 's tough to top the godfather ) , but if it is n't , it 's pretty close . look for samuel l. jackson in a minor role , as well as pre-sopranos stars michael imperrioli and tony sirico . warner bros. finally decided to give goodfellas the dvd treatment it deserves , and the commentaries by scorsese and crew and hill himself are worth the price of admission alone .
= possibly the best mob movie ever
< the best mob movie ever

> i have to admit i had my doubts about this gift wrap cutter when it first arrived . it 's small and very light and i was n't sure how useful it would be when it came to wrapping so many presents . turns out it makes things a lot easier.i 'm a terrible gift wrapper and i definitely think the present i wrapped looked better this year than in previous years where i just used scissors . i 'm left handed which adds a new degree of difficulty to gift wrapping . it 's not that i ca n't do it , it just looks sloppy . the gift wrap cutter made the bottoms of my wrapped presents look decent for once and makes the whole process of wrapping a lot quicker . it 's fairly easy to use and cuts the paper quite well . i 'm not a fan of ribbons but it curls them nicely.if you 're good with scissors and feel that you are a great wrapper than i ca n't really recommend this product . for those of us who have n't improved much in the wrapping department since we were young and like to wrap things ourselves ( it looks nicer than the presents wrapped at the stores ) , this is great item . scotch 's new tape dispenser along with this gift wrap cutter have really made my christmas wrapping a lot easier and i really recommend this product .
= excellent tool for wrapping
< great for gift wrap cutter

> the terminator has become a classic ; an iconic piece of movie history . this is the movie that made the govenator a star . part sci-fi time travel drama , part blood and guts shoot ` em up , part action-adventure , the terminator stands the test of time and remains a favorite in the hearts of its fans.arnold schwarzenegger became a household name playing the terminator , a killer cyborg from the future whose sole mission is to kill sarah connor . his performance as the merciless , unstoppable killer is chilling . this is the first movie in which he wore clothes for the majority of the film , and where he uttered what is arguably his most famous line `` i 'll be back . '' ( admittedly , he only had 18 lines ! ) linda hamilton is terrific as sarah connor , a young woman who is stronger than she thinks and is able to overcome incalculable odds . the special effects are excellent , especially for 1984 , and they still look great today.i just plain like this movie . i remember seeing it in the theatres in 1984 , and being blown away . and i still enjoy it after all these years . i showed the terminator to my 12 year old daughter a few days ago , and she thought that it was `` pretty cool , '' too . high praise coming from a tween !
= the movie that made arnold , arnold
< the terminator has become a classic

> this movie is by pixar.it is set in the great barrier reef out by austrailia.nemo is going to his first day of fish school.he has one gimpy fin and so he runs into trouble.lets not forget that his mother and thoiusands of siblings are killed by a shark.that wasnt necessary.what the hell is wrong with disney anyway ? whats thier fascination with making movies with dead family members ? anyhow , nemo is lost from his dad.his dad goes on an epic journey to go find and rescue him.meanwhile , nemo is being followed around by this really stupid , fat girl fish with [ literaly ] a like 20 second memory span.actualy , if not for the way the movie pokes fun at 1 ) dead mom,2 ) dead siblings,3 ) the disabled it would have got a 5 star rating.the scenery is breathtaking ! it is one of pixars best ! the kids really like it.just divert there attention towards the start and theyll be ok.the fat , memory loss chick falls into the catagory of the obnoxious tag along character that is tragicly overpresent in todays childrens movies.finding nemo 2 would be an outstanding idea , but they should really not have him get lost again like that home alone kid.perhaps helping nemo or exploring with nemo ?
= beautiful ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
< one of the best disney movies ever !

> vitamin squeeze energy drink , was a little too sweet for my taste . you could not really referred to this as a juice because , it states right in the title drink not juice . i tried to read the ingredients and supplement information and all i could really see was that it has vitamin c it states no calories however with that in mind i would say what ever is in it , it is sweet overly sweet . now i know there 's people out there who prefer a fruit punch that his sleep but i prefer to drink something that has a little zing to it . i know this is not a product that i 'm going to purchase . if this is something that would fit your taste then go for it , but i personally did not feel any energy from drinking this just the sweetness.be cautioned if you are purchasing this product that it is sweet tasting and it did not have the extra energy you might be wanting or needing throughout your day . give me a good cup of coffee any time to this . i hope this review helps you make an informed decision on your purchase .
= ok
< sweet and sweet

> this film is the perfect adventure in experimenting all kinds of laughter , from an ephete smile to an uproarious bursting-out explosion . every single detail is supposed to made you laugh , and you better do it if you do not want to be righteously considered as a party pooper . the film is hilarious and that is its only real quality . after a while though , you start wondering what your are laughing at ? the melting pot that is working upside down , to the benefit and profit of the greek immigrants ? the salad bowl which is all mixed up and confused since good american people have to integrate the greek culture and religion just for one son to get married to one greek daughter ? or just maybe to ourselves who are always thinking , reacting and acting within the narrow guidelines of our one-way cultural vision ? but who cares since it is funny and we laugh . but do n't choke on the bones if , being a vegetarian , you are suggested to drop meat and start eating mutton . that is greek humor indeed , maybe with a touch or turkish recollection behind.dr jacques coulardeau , university of perpignan
= do n't laugh yourself to death
< the perfect adventure

> when the sins are committed from two in two you have to pay them from one in one ; rudyard kipling was the author of this singular statement . this film became the great leap of david fincher to the big screen . original script that deals with a serious damaged mental man , who bets to be god and choosing every victim according every one of those kidnapped codes . but beware the religious fanatic can become heretics due precisely , to his own fanaticism.seven capital sins : seven crimes that must be done to clean the world from the stinkers and vicious human beings . in this chrysalis and under those extreme prejudices you can not expect too much sense of the reality . and morgan freeman and brad pitt will be the investigators who will be assigned to chase this lunatic and out of his mind man . excellent shots , brutal and extremely graphic violence , but superbly fascinating.one of the most original and best films in these decade.the plot was a true circular nightmare as it was inspired by the astonishing mind of jorge luis borges or perhaps a sincere homage to william blake !
= the hell is in your mind !
< the best of the year

> maybe i 'm just easy pleasing , but i enjoyed my velveeta cheesy skillet meal . it 's cheesy , hearty , filling , and satisfying . yes , you have to add your own chicken , but i would n't want it any other way . neither chicken in a can nor dehydrated chicken hold much appeal for me . i do wish there were more of a broccoli presence in this cheese dominated dish , and for a future meal we may add some.for someone watching calories carefully this may not be a meal of choice . the prepared dinner has a stated five serving size , though mrs. spudman ( she of the canary appetite ) and i finished off about four servings together . according to the figures on the side panel , one serving delivers 390 calories ( 100 from fat ) 620 mg of sodium , and 8g of fat.for me this is a good tasting , easily prepared meal that hits the spot . those eating two servings at a meal do n't need to save too much room for dessert .
= easy pleasy . lemon squeazy
< cheesy , filling , and satisfying

> these are a very well made , easy to use mousetrap . i like their bait system , but the simple fact that you can not reuse them makes them a waste of money and materials.let 's face a simple fact , if you have two mice , you have more than two mice , much more ! and paying $ 5 per mouse is going to get expensive very fast.and i really do n't understand why these are not reusable . it should not be that hard to have a way to open them and dispose of the mouse . yes i know some people ca n't stand to even look at mice , but i am not one of them.overall , a `` could have been great '' product , but i would advise against buying this one .
= if only they were reusable
< easy to use , but not reusable

> i know most people wait until they have read an entire book before reviewing , but i thought perhaps another perspective was in order . i just bought this book this morning and have n't been able to put it down . i have so much to do today , but i ca n't stop reading . it took alot for me to come to write this review . i 'll keep it short because i 'm at a good part ! the short of it ... this book is hard to put down , interesting , engrossing , well written ... .just a great read . i highly recommend . now ... back to my book ... happy reading !
= in the middle of it and ca n't put it down ! !
< wow ... wow !

> i got both the 6ft and 10ft cable . with either one of these cables , it is fairly easily to put your device that you need to plug in and there is no need to have it right next to your computer , especially since this cable is usually use with larger devices such as printers , scanners , ect . these things you can have on a separate table or any where on your desk and and have plenty of cable and not worry about it being tight . since it is fairly universal , it is a nice cable to get to replace old ones or simply to have on hand in case of an emergency .
= a nice length and works well
< nice cable

> i 'm an amateur radio operator and scanner enthusiast , so i have countless radios that need aa batteries . normally i use sanyo eneloops which are excellent rechargeable batteries . i decided to try the amazonbasics aa ni-mh pre-charged rechargeable batteries because they have similar specs , and cost less . i have n't done any scientific tests on them , but in real world usage , i 'm getting the same usage time as the eneloops . like the eneloops , they do n't drain very quickly when not in use . i 'm very happy with the amazonbasics aa ni-mh pre-charged rechargeable batteries , and will continue to buy them in the future .
= work well for me .
< great rechargeable batteries

> i do n't wait to give away any spoilers so i 'll just say this ... why why why did you do this to me harper sloan ? ! i 'm devastated . ok done with my rant . this story was just as good as the other corp security men . beck you ca n't help fall in love with . something very tragic happens in this one and i ca n't wait to see how this plays out into the next book . my guess is it will be maddox story with i 've been dying to read since axel . must read beck it was emotionally packed !
= another amazing 5 star read
< wow ! ! !

> organic apple pie chips , a snack that is tasty and good for you . these are similar to rice cakes in texture , but instead of rice these are all apple chunks . they added a little apple juice and potato starch as glue to hold them together , and added some delicious cinnamon to make them very tasty.a definite hit with my family . my son said they taste like little munchable apple pie chips . we love that these are organic and organic does not come cheap . these are priced in line with all other similar organic products .
= love these organic fruit apple snack great for everyone .
< tasty and tasty

> this is not something i 'm likely to buy for myself . i love coffee , and can get plenty of caffeine as a by-product of that . if i want something cold and , well , refreshing like water , i 'm going to get some water . what we have here is a bottle of purified water with 90mg of caffeine added to it . the water is fine , nearly flavorless unlike good mineral water , and i could not discern any significant aftertaste . the water , in fact , has less flavor than my local tap water .
= simple item : purified water with a shot of caffeine
< not bad , but not great

> the razor 's 5 blades work best on an even surface , meaning that the razor is good for shaving legs , but that 's about it . it 's not mobile enough to shave any other lady parts . for a couple of weeks it did give me a pretty close , smooth shave , but the razor got dull very quickly . in terms of efficiency , many gillette disposable razors ( 2-blade even ) are better than this .
= i 've had better results with disposable razors
< good for shaving legs

> these shipping labels have the high quality you expect from 3m . the 2 '' x 4 '' size should fit your needs for packages or address that need a lot of space . they are also large enough to use for name badges . for me the most important thing is `` will they stick ? '' and you can rest easy , your satisfaction is guaranteed . these 3m labels are great and made in the usa .
= these 3m labels are great and made in the usa .
< great shipping labels

> jacob jankowski recounts the wonderful time he spent with the benzini brothers most spectacular show on earth . during the great depression , his parents are killed and jacob , now penniless , has to leave vet school . he learns the ins and outs of circus life , falls in love with a beautiful horse rider and becomes attached to rosie , the elephant who responds to polish commands .
= wonderful story .
< the elephant who responds the elephant

> i feel in love with clay and mags in the first book and continued to love them in this book . i ca n't imagine the pain and struggles clay was fighting in thus book . i 'm so happy see the love and feeling that made a great ending for all the couples in the book . great job meredith .
= inspiring
< love clay and mags

> we recently had multiple occasions to do some rather large personal mailings , thank you cards and season 's greetings . i 'm pleased to report the labels printed well and peeling them was easier than prior experience with other brands . would definitely use these again .
= quick lift is a godsend
< great product

> the kiwi berry flavor has a tarty but sweet taste . neither the strawberry nor kiwi is overpowering . instead , i was treated to the best of both flavors ! there was very little carbonation . my favorite switch flavor !
= tarty but also sweet
< sweet taste

> i 'm completely scared & in love with the kades ! ! this book had me captivated , page by page , just wow ... . i 'm so invested in this story . i ca n't for book 2 .
= holy moly , wow , fan-friggin-tastic
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> this deodorant has done a good job keeping up with the summer heat . i have n't had any issues with wetness or odor . the scent is not especially strong , but it is pleasant .
= pleasant , light scent .
< good deodorant

> this book is amazing ! i laughed and cringed . had so many holy moly moments . this is not your every day romance novel but so awesome it 's an excellent read !
= well holy hell
< wow !

> i love michelle valentine and i love her books . this one was no exception . thank you for giving us more of riff ! the black falcon series is amazeballs ! : )
= another great one from michelle valentine
< love riff !

> what a great read ! the chemistry between these two was explosive . i loved the love/hate relationship they had going on . made for an awesome story .
= what a duo !
< loved it !

> i love the plastic applicator for an easy glide . this is a great product especially during the summer time with shorts and other skimpier outfits .
= love the glide
< great product

> this was an awesome story . it was unique and the couple 's were relatable . i look forward to the next book .
= loved it
< awesome

> this are large great tasting lightly salted . i really enjoy them and they arent over powering .
= love them
< great taste

> underworld is a great looking movie that has a similar look and feel to it as films like the matrix and the crow . the way kate beckinsale ( pearl harbor ) is dressed in all leather sis even sort of a rip-off of trinity in the matrix . hey though she looks great so i 'm not going to complain lol . the movie is hard to follow somtimes though . it throws too much at you in one movie and it becomes to complexed to follow . kate beckinsale and scott speedman ( felicity ) do n't really have great chemestry either eventhough they are good in their roles.i mean we know why he likes her , i mean mmmm lol . we do n't know why she is willing to risk everything for him though when she hardly even knows him . still though kate beckinsale surprisingly is in strong heroine form and it 's impressive since she 's been in basically only romance movies before this . she handles the role well even if she comes off as more of a super model with attitude than a vampire . anyway i always wanted to see a vampires vs werewolves movie and we get that with underworld . there 's not really enough action with them verse each other though . yes they shoot at each other but i 'd rather see more of them actually fighting . it 's still pretty cool though . i think the werewolves look better than most werewolves have looked . underworld is a fun movie that you 'll enjoy more if you just sit back and let the action wash over you .
= finally vampires vs werewolves , not done great ... .but good
< great movie

> several reviewers have said that this `` tastes like plastic '' , but i think that they are mistakenly attributing the unusual flavor of aloe to plastic . this is , unfortunately , easy to do since this has an odd flavor which is relatively unfamiliar to most people . if you sniff it before you drink it , you 'll notice that it smells a little like lotions or other skin treatments or personal cleaning products that use aloe . it 's a funky herbal flavor combined with a hint of grassy chlorophyll . it is n't helped along much by the addition of stevia , which also often carries a certain grassy flavor.the advertising for this produce calls it `` crisp aloe '' , and it does have a crispness to it . there 's a sense of drinking sweet weak , medicinal apple juice . this is n't horrible by any stretch of the imagination , but i think aloe is an acquired taste . if you were intent on drinking this for the potential health benefits , this would be something you could grow to like , but it would n't go down easily at first . if you 've already got a taste for it , this might be pretty decent as long as you 're not troubled by artificial sweeteners . i would , however , recommend drinking it from a glass instead of out of the plastic bottle to reduce any sense that it `` tastes like plastic '' .
= like sweet , weak , medicinal apple juice
< not bad , but not great

> own the wind takes place over a few years . during this time , we watch tabitha allen through nursing school and starting her career . during an college party , shy is called in to drag tabby out . deciding that she needs a wake up call , shy 's drastic measures creates a wedge between himself and tabby.tragedy strikes and shy steps up when tabby needs a knight in shining armor , but this one comes on a motorcycle ! slowly they redevelop the friendship that was lost.own the wind is tabitha allen and parker `` shy '' cage 's story . wow , this was such an incredible read . kristen ashley once again rocks our world with a swoon worthy badass alpha biker . tabby allen adult debut is magnificent , it was amazing watching her grow and traverse her life and situations with strength and character . both tabby and shy make mistakes and stumble along the way ... we get a front and center seat to the best show ever . i have never found an ashley book i did n't love and own the wind is another brilliant addition to her work . re-read worthy and definitively going down as a favorite ! this arc copy of own the wind was given to me by hachette book group , grand central publishing , forever in exchange for a honest review . this book is set for publication on april 2 , 2013 .
= own the wind
< tabby allen and parker `` shy '' cage

> first impression , very firm , dense texture , almost `` shred the roof of your mouth '' sharp when you bite into it.the initial taste is n't horrible , it 's when the very bitter aftertaste kicks in that you start feeling like you want to turn off your taste buds.i had hopes for this product , that it did n't even come close to filling.with a name like `` newman 's '' i was expecting a high quality , tasty , organic , product.it might be organic , but tasty and hiqh quality do n't apply in this case.even my grandson tried one ( almost 4 years old ) if you have ever been around toddlers or preschoolers , it would be rare to find one that would say `` no '' to a second cookie . however , my grandson did n't care for the taste of the cookie either , and he actually really likes ginger snaps ! when offered a second one of these cookies , he backed away from me and told me `` no '' .this has left me with most of the bag of cookies , and a new inside , family joke , `` be good or i will give you a cookie '' , because nobody in my family would try more then one other than me , and that was purely for research purposes on my part , since i did not like the taste .
= only cookie that i have ever used as a `` threat ''
< not bad , but not great

> point of retreat is about will doing everything he can to prove to layken how much he really loves her.along the way these two have go through lots of tests and trials with their little brothers , and with each other . i do n't want to give too much away , so you will have to just check it out . however , this book was in will 's point of view , so that was a little different.overall the book was good , but i had a few problems with it . i really hated all of the stuff layken was mad at will for . i get some of it , but then i felt she just threw it way out of proportion . i mean i do agree will acted like a jerk , and messed up but then he explained it all . so i though she would forgive him but it just seemed to go down hill from there.once that drama was out of the way , i felt the book got really really good . because that 's when major drama happened , i felt really sad at that point . i know i cried a lot during the second half of this book . so i do recommend this one , but i believe the first one is much better .
= time for point of retreat
< good , but not great

> this is the b12 supplement i use everyday and i 've always been happy with the jarrow brand name . they do a good job and generally give us exactly what our body needs without any extra additives like wheat , gluten , soybeans , dairy , egg , fish/shellfish or peanuts . this form of b12 absorbs best because it does not have to convert once in the body , it uses the methyl form which the body needs first . the synthetic form , called cyanocobalamin , has to be converted by the body to methylcobalamin before the body can utilize it.the lozenges are the best way to go for absorption as it works best to crunch it up in your mouth and let it melt under your tongue . if you have problems with stomach acid or candida albicans , the b12 wo n't be absorbed through the stomach , it 'll just bypass and leave your system without entering . it 's better to have it absorb through the mucus membranes in your mouth , this way you 'll know it 's really getting into your cells . i would n't be without this product , it has helped me raise my vitamin b12 levels and maintain them for everyday health . you ca n't go wrong with this product . highly recommended .
= helps to keep your levels high ... ..
< b12

> what 's not to like about this sweet inspiring film ? ok , it has hollywood written all over it ... . and it is n't hard to see they altered of left out some stuff from the original true story to make a very widely accepted movie , but it also is one of the most heartwarming and inspiring little films i 've seen in a while . sandra bullock gives a good performance ( oscar worthy ? ? i do n't know about all of that ! ) , but i found it to be a bit stagey . that 's not to say i did n't really like her in this wonderfully entertaining film , but even though i felt her emotion , i could n't get past that accent . this is probably due to that fact she usually plays the same character in most of her films.instead of picking on this good natured film , i have to ask myself why do i watch movies ? the reason is to be entertained and 'the blind side ' surely does that in spades . it is a very uplifting tale that will hopefully inspire you and make you feel all warm inside . ( awwww now ai n't that cute ? ) ; -b
= glossy , but a heartwarming crowd pleasing film ! 4 1/2 stars !
< sweet and inspiring

> i have had a few screen protectors ( belkin , griffin , and this one ) , this one is by far the best . first of all , i could n't for the life of me get all the bubbles out , the glare was terrible , and i never really liked how your finger felt rubbing against the screen ( rub your finger along your laptop screen - it feels like that ) . none of these issues are enough for me to really care , i just happened to be given new screen protectors . i would have stayed with the belkin , because i did n't know what i was missing . well , the greatshield addresses all those problems . the anti-glare is amazing . it gives the screen an interesting tint , and reduces brightness ( but not in a way that it prevents you from seeing in daylight ) . it also makes the screen feel smooth and slick to the touch , sort of like a touchpad on a laptop ( as opposed to the glassy feeling to your computer screen ) . and most importantly , i did n't even have to try to smooth the bubbles out - they were n't a problem at all .
= great screen protector - no bubbles or glare !
< the best , but not the best

> i loved how the author let us experience the wonderful transformation of sophia . the book started out with sophia being a `` lost '' spoilt socialite living superficially and engaging in hard partying and meaningless sex . emotionally abandoned by her extremely wealthy parents , she put up a front of being snobbish , cold , heartless , while craving her parents ' affections . after her second offense with hard drugs , she was sent to do community work in uganda for six months . there she experienced love - innocent love of the orphans ; caring , warm love of her surrogate family , and romantic love of a boy ( dingane/ian ) whom she was immensely attracted . she transformed from a spoilt , shallow person to someone who was beautiful inside and out , unselfish , diligent and fiercely protective of her new family . i also liked how the author handled the romance between sophia and dingane . there was no insta-love but gradually over time , they grew to respect , love and cared for each other . there are little subtle things like clearing the shower stalls for bugs that made dingane so endearing .
= amazing transformation
< a great read

> lutein and zeaxanthin are essential in your fight against macular digeneration of the eye and to promote better eyesight . with the addition of computers , tablets , cellphones , google glass into our daily routines , our eyes are more stressed out than ever . a great countermeasure is to provide the eyes with as many nutrients as possible . eating foods high in lutein , zeaxanthin , vitamin c ( colorful fruits and vegetables ) is beneficial , but sometimes you need more ooomp . to give the necessary boost to your eyes , you can take supplements such as this product from jarrow.i 'd recommend taking two softgels ( the bottle recommends one ) because we need 2 mp or more a day of zeaxanthin.the only negative point about these supplements is that they consists of gelatin ( watch out if you are allergic and/or keep kosher ) .additional allergy warning : the softgels are made of soy . on a positive note , there is no wheat , no gluten , no dairy , no egg , no fish/shellfish , no peanuts/tree nuts in this jarrow product .
= good supplement for your eyes but watch out for the gelatin
< a great countermeasure product

> i had the opportunity taste this coffee in an early sampling . i 've always found gevalia coffees to be a quality product . more than once i 've ordered it to get a free coffee maker and later had to cancel it because their pricing is a little rich for my blood . it is priced as an indulgence and it delivers the goods when it comes to taste . i am not normally a flavored coffee lover but i have to admit that gevalia has found the perfect balance between rich chocolate and coffee flavor . it good drunk black , but add a little sweetener and cream , and the flavor is really enhanced in a positive way , delivering liquid version of a coffee flavored truffle . while i 'd classify this as a dessert coffee , it would be great as a morning eye-opener as well.overall , this is a great addition to the line of quality coffees from gevalia . chocolate and coffee lovers will find a lot to savor in these three 8 oz . boxes .
= best combo of chocolate and coffee !
< great taste , great taste

> ok where to begin ... . first , if you take out all the sex scenes there will be nothing left to read . oh wait , you do get to read repeated questions from trevor to liz . or liz repeating back what trevor said . the actual storyline could have been great but it was a mess of confusion . i was confused the characters was confused everybody was confused ! if it was n't for the kinky sex . i would have punched trevor , slapped liz , and decked tim ! the end ! my opinion the story could have been better ... ... they had the ingredients they just did n't mix it right . sorry guys but my rating is 2.5* i still recommend you read it because it has parts to fuel the next book & # 34 ; until lily & # 34 ; .
= ah no ...
< not what i expected ... .

> i recently purchased the mio pedometer watch . it has been such a pain that despite being brand new , it sits in a box . setting it and keeping it set was just to cumbersome . i literally could n't use it from one day to the next . so i was really interested in trying this watch.the smart health walking fit has one obvious drawback . it is n't a very good looking watch . that is just a fact . it 's a big bulky black rubber watch.other than that , this thing is amazing . it sets easily . it is very accurate . i do n't have to keep resetting it . if you find it is inaccurate for you- you just adjust the sensitivity instead of recalculating strides and a bunch of other nonsense like i did with the mio.i just love this watch .
= ugly and wonderful
< very accurate

> while the sequel is n't quite as much fun as the original , it is much better than many animated ( and live action ) sequels . fans will appreciate two new characters : lucy the spy groupie and el macho . the picture and audio quality are superb in this release . there is 48 minutes of total bonus content.video resolution/codec : 1080p/avc mpeg-4 | aspect ratio : 1.85:1audio formats : english dts-hd master audio 5.1 , french dts 5.1 , spanish dts 5.1subtitles/captions : english sdh , french , spanishspecial features : audio commentary , featurettes , animated short films , deleted scene , dvd copy , ultraviolet digital copybuy this blu-ray 3d release .
= despicable me 2 on blu-ray 3d
< better than the original

> first , i gag down fish oils because they are so great for my hair and skin . i am getting great results with these as well . everything that i have read about the bio-availability of these seems to ring true with the results i am seeing . why take more of something that will just pass through your urine if your body ca n't absorb it all ? the real bonus for me with these is that i do n't urp a fishy taste all day as i have with almost every other type of omega 3 product . these are awesome . i love jarrow products . they have earned my trust .
= omg yes
< love these !

> it is hard to say how much the bumkins sandwich bag saves the environment , but it is attractive and easy to clean . not only is it easy to quickly wipe down and dry , but is also machine washable and comes out with the colors intact . it is not just good for sandwiches , but any small snacks like cereal or pretzels . the only limitation vs. a traditional bag is that it is not water tight . i generally would use a lock & lock container for that anyway.overall , a really handy cosmetic upgrade from disposable bags with an easy-to-use zipper .
= easy to wash
< easy to clean , easy to clean , easy to clean

> taste like healthy graham crackers . kids like it . back to nature company has been creating foods for over 50 years . these graham crackers has no artificial preservatives , flavors , or colors . no high fructose corn syrup and no hydrogenated oils . ingredients : graham flour ( whole grain wheat flour ) , whole grain rolled oats , evaporated cane juice , safflower oil , honey , raisin paste , brown rice syrup , leavening ( baking soda , monocalcium phosphate ) , sea salt , cinnamon , vitamin e to help protect flavor . great healthy choice , tastes great !
= healthy and tastes great
< great graham crackers

> the teas in the numi organic savory tea garden sampler are okay . some better than others . i liked the carrot curry and the tomato mint the most but not sure i would go out of my way to buy them to drink on a regular basis . the carrot curry , broccoli cilantro , and the spinach chive teas are pretty good when used for making delicious rice . i do n't know . maybe i 'm stuck in the past with teas i do n't associate with salad ingredients .
= okay but did n't fall in love
< okay , but not great

> although i was seriously confused through part of this book , and a little lost , it finally wrapped up for me perfectly . i got a great conclusion that made sense and was satisfying . i enjoyed these characters very much , and will miss lisbeth and blomkvist . i could do with a more simplified plot in general , but it was well worth it to get to the end of this wonderful series of books .
= great conclusion
< great conclusion to a great series

> a tampon is like customer service . if it 's bad you have a whole lot to say about it . if it 's good , you do n't say anything about it . what 's there to say ? this one is good , it works , it 's comfortable and unlike the rest of the reviewers i 'm going to spare you any more details on this one !
= decent product to keep you decent
< good , but not great

> i drink coffee every day . i grind my own beans and use a columbian coffee i get at costco.this coffee has been a pleasant addition to our morning brew . i use it sparingly because a whole pot of it would be overpowering . however , i 've found that by adding just one spoonful makes for a really interesting pot.i would buy this product again .
= good additive for coffee
< good coffee

> it 's hard to give an honest opinion of this book without giving it away . this story , the way the author paint this picture causes you to forget to breath . my heart broke just after the half way point . it continued to break and heal through to the end.i do n't know if my mind will ever part with this story .
= possibly the best book i have ever experienced .
< heart wrenching

> alex and katie find each other when they both need each other the most . the sweet thing about this story is mr. sparks takes his time with the story telling but it does n't drag out . the romance is a good old fashion one.the ending has action , redemption and a shocking twist . mr.sparks does not disappoint once again .
= believe in second chances
< good story

> really loved this book front start to finish . cruise and kendall are just perfect for each other . cruise is a dreamy and kendall is just the one for him . do n't want to give anything away , so just want to say this book is so worth it ! wish to read more of cruise and kendall .
= love love loved it ! !
< loved it !

> my husband described these doctor kracker crisps perfectly : `` it 's like eating a crouton . '' yep , that 's it . they are thin , but hard -- like a crouton , strongly flavored with garlic and parmesan cheese . croutons are good . if you like eating them as a snack , these are perfect .
= like a flat crouton
< good snack

> this was a amazing book.i would recommend this book to everyone ! i have n't read a book this emotional in a while.trojan you done a great job.i could feel how much carter loved emma and how much she loved him .i hope this is n't the last we hear of them .
= wow ! ! ! ! ! !
< wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> solid album and one of the beatles finest moments . this album embodies the true essence of rock music which such epic tracks as come together , silver hammer and who am i kidding the whole album is great . money well spent , always on real music .
= the sound of greatness .
< the best of the beatles

> pros : taste is similar to corn flakes without that wierd aftertastestays crunchy in milktastes very good right out of the boxoccasional bite tastes almost like peanut brittlemilk brings out the taste of honeycons : a bit too sweet for me with milk , but kids should love this
= very sweet with undertones of peanut brittle
< a bit too sweet for me

> a small of this brand fits true . it is good to use for a nightshirt or a sports shirt . the neck is a bit right but i think it is because it wicks away sweat better that way . good colors too .
= fits well neck is a bit close to the neck
< good for a sports shirt

> i agree with the review of l.sims she covered everything i wanted to say , i 'll just add that i also loved the humour blake brought to the book which should make his book interesting .
= great read
< loved it

> i picked up this book from the local library being a fan of the book / movie tuesdays with morrie . mitch does it again but this time it 's better .
= wow
< good book

> heidi mclaughlin is a great writer ! this series is one of my favorites and this book did not disappoint . i ca n't wait for more !
= love
< love this series !

> there are a ton of things i could gripe about with episode iii . i 'll discuss a few below . but by and large , this is the best of the prequels and , in my eyes , ranks pretty highly as a sci-fi film.first , the bad . this should have been more than one film . rather than a whole film for the events in the phantom menace , the clone wars could easily have consumed a whole extra movies . unfortunately , squeezing all of this into revenge of the sith means that a lot of important footage was cut . fortunately , it 's all in the deleted scenes section of the bonus disc.i 'm also not crazy about the way palpatine 's character is used in the film . i love ian mcdiarmid , but the whole introduction with kidnapping chancellor palpatine seems a bit silly . i also do n't think the whole `` aging '' process after the battle with mace windu worked.however , these are minor quibbles . overall , the story works . hayden christiansen is a believable anakin/vader . moreover , his reasons for turning to the dark side are more compelling and realistic than the motivations of most movie villains ( i wo n't spoil it , but it makes sense ) . it explains the final fall of vader in a dramatic and compelling way , with great special effects to boot.with revenge of the sith , it seems like lucas and the case of the prequels finally got their act together for this grand finale . the death of the jedi is simply haunting - a perfect combination of camera angles , soundtrack , and acting . let 's be honest - 30 years ago , when we all wondered about darth vader 's background , nobody ever thought it would be this exciting . i just wish this much thought and passion had gone into the rest of the prequels .
= best of the prequels
< the best of the prequels

> going into the fantastic four movie , i 'll admit that i expected something completely abysmal . however , with so many of the comic to film adaptations trying to be serious and move beyond their source material ( i.e . superman returns ) , sometimes it 's better to have a comic book movie that does n't take itself too seriously and just sets out to be something that many films of this type are n't : fun . and fantastic four is certainly mindless fun all the way . scientist reed richards ( ioan gruffudd ) , his ex-girlfriend sue storm ( a blonde haired and blue contact lens wearing jessica alba ) , her daredevil brother johnny ( chris evans ) , and reed 's longtime friend ben grimm ( the shield 's michael chiklis ) are all transformed into the super powered team , who find their hands full with instant celebrity and their evil , super powered nemesis victor von doom ( nip/tuck 's julian mcmahon ) . the cgi effects are in full effect , the action is campy , and the cast is game ( chris evans is a nice pick as the hotshot human torch ) , while the makeup and costume effects for the thing are very well done . it 's loaded with leaps in logic and plot points which are laughable , but that 's part of the film 's appeal , and that 's always been part of the comic 's sense of appeal as well . it works to a point , and fantastic four is a fun trip as long as you do n't take it seriously or expect anything such as the lofty heights set by x2 : x-men united or spider-man 2. look for marvel icon stan lee in a humerous cameo .
= surprisingly better than i had expected
< a fun trip as long as you do n't take it

> i do enjoy fresh pineapple , but i do n't eat it often . that 's only partly due to the fact that it 's a pain to cut it up , because while it is a pain , it is n't that much of one . i mean , slice off the top and sides , then cut it up . pretty easy.but this is , i will admit , easier , and you end up with a hollowed-out pineapple at the end . i suppose that could be handy if you wanted to fill it with , say , fruit salad and use it as a serving dish . also , you end up with a long spiral of cut pineapple , which could be served nicely with a spiral-cut ham , should one be so inclined.however , using a knife is , as i mentioned , pretty easy , and also significantly less messy . when i used this , i ended up with pineapple juice everywhere , flowing off my cutting board and onto the countertop . that did not please me . i also do n't really see the need for this item . it 's a pineapple slicer and does nothing else . if i cut up fresh pineapple on a daily or weekly basis , this might be useful , but i do n't see the need beyond that , except possibly for novelty value.still , it does what it says , and it is kind of a neat little toy . i do n't know that i 'll ever use it again , but it 's kind of fun to have and show people , and that 's a good thing if nothing else .
= a purpose-built pineapple slicer ! america ! f*** , yeah !
< not bad , but not great

> ok , so , first , let me say that ka can do no wrong , that being said , i did not absolutely loved this book , however , i did like it and let me tell you why.the only fault in this book is josie , in my opinion , every time i was in her head , i felt like i was looking at agnes from despicable me 2 reciting the poem for her & # 34 ; mother & # 34 ; , robotic , emotionless and speaking in a flat tone 24/7 . she was making me not want to keep reading , but i said to myself , this is ka , this will change , and it did thankfully . josie started warming up to me specially when she was being a momma bear to jake 's kids.jake , oh what can i say about jake ... devastatingly amazing ... .could n't love him more ... .enough said ... secondary characters ? great , i get the feeling that we will get to see mickey , want his story ! also , would love to see the kids stories ... the story , well , i loved it , it was different in terms of development , you may think you keep reading the same thing from ka and maybe your right but at the same time you still think and feel that every book is unique
= need more ka
< ka can do n't love him ...

> ok , i really must admit that i did not have high expectations for this . it is very rare for me to try something that is gluten free and like it , forget about loving it . well , kay 's naturals protein cereal , honey almond is awesome . the taste is subtle and mild . it has a slight sweetness from the honey , but it is not overpowering . these light , crunchy o 's only have 3g of sugar , but 12g of protein ! 120 calories per pack and 1.5g total fat . the little bags are packed and quite filling . it 's perfect for a snack , for breakfast , etc . i have not had it with milk , as it is good enough to eat right out of the bag . i will tell you that my wife was not a fan ... .but then , we often like different things . this was such a delightful surprise . i wish they sold it in larger amounts . and though they may seem a little pricey for cereal , if you look at the price of protein bars , then they are n't that bad . in any case , i 'm sold !
= awesome ( and i never thought i would say that ) !
< delicious !

> i want to start off by saying that when you dive into this book you are not just simply reading a book . you are really living it and experiencing something truly out of this world . i think its a given that the story in itself is awesome ( its a colleen hoover book ! of course it is ) but the way ms. hoover writes it and , together with the amazingly talented griffin , weaves the music into the story is something to truly be in awe of . the music , and the lyrics to each not only complements the story but truly completes it ! when sydney finds herself living with musical genius ridge after a horrible break up , not only do they find something soul-binding with each other but they struggle to find out if their & # 34 ; maybe someday & # 34 ; can turn into their & # 34 ; right now. & # 34 ; really an unforgettable experience to be able to read this ultimate love story ! ! !
= an unforgettable experience ! !
< a must read ! ! !

> out of all of sacha baron cohen 's characters , borat is by far the funniest and that 's why he decided to make his first big studio film about him . there is no doubt this movie is hysterical , anyone who does n't find this funny really must have something wrong with them , but how far is too far to push the envelope ? i do n't get offended easily , but lines like `` senator chocolate face '' and `` the jews repeating their attack of 9/11 '' were more than slightly over the line . while the line is much further away in the uncensored market , it does still exist , and cohen does cross it on several occasions . i laughed until i cried , borat is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . i was however offended by several of the things he said and that 's why it gets 4 instead of 5 stars .
= the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078
< the best of the series

> i was surprised with how these treats were not only shaped but how hard they were . when i gave them to my dog , the way they broke off make me worry a bit if he was going to choke on them but he handled them with no problems . the treats are made with 100 % real chicken and a bit of brown sugar ( not really thrilled with sugar for a dog ) and contains no artificial colors , flavors or preservatives . my dog loved these treats and gobbled them right up.would i recommend these to family or friends ? if they have a small dog or one that has problems eating hard food , probably not - unless they cut these up into small pieces . but for large dogs or ones that do n't have problems with hard/larger pieces of food - yes . my dog said they were great and recommends them as well .
= 100 % real chicken and contains no artificial colors , flavors or preservatives
< my dog loved them !

> yes , i agree with many of the other reviews , this item is pricey as are the refills for what you get . but , at the same time , i do n't expect pre-cut , pop-up tape to be the same price as a roll of tape . does a person need it ? for most , no . it is handy when trying to do things like wrap gifts ? absolutely . therefore , i did n't rate it down at all for price.i love the quality of the product . the tape was simple to insert and the fact that it suctions down to a hard surface well is priceless when trying to tape things one handed . the lengths of tape were perfect for the vast majority of tasks and it was good quality and stuck well . overall , i 'm very happy with the unit .
= pricey but fun
< i 'm very happy with this product

> i watched this movie about in 99 when it came out on video , didnt see it in the theaters because i wanted to wait till like around halloween to see it . my cousin shawn rented it and thats the first time i saw the matrix as well . i enjoyed this movie , it left you with chills at the end , its like , oh so thats whats up . the whole movie seems like a persons missing video and they just found it . very good performances and there are a lot of scenes where your really terrifyed , like when there is rushling on the tent and they all run the hell outta there or the dolls hanging everywhere or the noises or the cut off ear . pure genius and its a low budget movie but its worthy
= dont go into the woods
< the movie that was good

> amazon suggest that our reviews share the things that we want to know about a product . on this particular sunscreen , you already know it is spf 30 , 6 oz , and that it has some lotions in it.what would i want to know ? it smells nice . it rubs in relatively well , not greasy , but takes some rubbing.i suppose that is a short review , but there is n't a lot to say about sunscreen , unless of course you are selling them and you want to make some sales points . i like banana boat ... it did n't do funny things to my skin ... and the only thing i can complain about is that they did n't send a guy to rub it into my back for me . five stars .
= it is sunscreen ... light scent , not really greasy
< nice sunscreen , but not a good product

> moulin rouge is probably my favorite film of last year . having seen it a whole bunch of times now , some of its excesses do seem a bit silly . it 's not a perfect film - but a damn good one . if more films follow this example , the movie-musical can make a come back.this dvd is about as good as we could 've hoped . be warned - there are a lot of cookies hidden on the menus . if you go to the `` deleted scenes '' menu , go left . a windmill will appear and take you to a nice outtake from the `` your song '' bit where nicole and ewen completely lose it . as for the rest , you 'll have to find them yourself .
= great dvd !
< a good movie , but not a great movie

> this is one of the most overrated films ever.true kevin spacey did a good job but not enough to rewarded over denzel washington.i have seen this movie before it was called the world according to garp.annette bening was solid as well.this film reminded me of jerry springer as well.with alot of twists & amp ; turns.it has alot of cliches all over it.the direction was good.people are dysfunctional no matter what their status is in life period.that 's nothing new.this film did n't break any new ground in any way.some good performances but way overrated & amp ; predictable in alot of spots.compared too garp this is tame.robin williams was one step above kevin spacey & amp ; he did his film nearly 20 years back.this is just a shrewed remake .
= very average garp revisted & amp ; jerry springer
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> this is a nice basic shirt that is very comfortable to wear . i know it is supposed to be a sports shirt but it is so comfy it has turned into my favorite sleep/lounging shirt partly because i ordered it in a larger size than i usually wear and the extra volume is suited for around the house wear . that said the shirt does not run especially large but relatively true to size . cheaper shirts than this can surely be found but not many that are as comfortable and keep their good qualities after several trips through the washing machine and dryer .
= this is a nice shirt
< nice basic shirt

> wow , the sex between these two was off the charts- get your fan 's ladies you will need it.julia has good intentions by not wanting to drag clay into her mess or even by keeping it a secret from him , but clay has a past that wo n't allow secrets . their relationship is a struggle from the get go with them living on other ends of the country but throw the secrets they are doomed before they begin.you can help but root for these two because they are a perfect fit in every way.there is no happy ending in this installment .
= off the charts sex ! ! !
< wow

> i loved , loved , loved this book ! ! i ca n't believe i put off reading this ! david is okay but , i love cal , jimmy and sam ! ! ! ben , not so much.spoiler alerti wish we had known about martha earlier . do n't understand why ben was n't introduced earlier and i do n't find him attractive at all ! ! i wish davis would have proposed again for real and given her a wedding to remember . need cal ' s story like yesterday ! !
= absolutely loved
< i loved this book ! !

> research shows that magnesium l-threonate increased cognitive abilities in rats but no similar tests have been run on humans . thus all we have is anecdotal evidence of it 's effectiveness with humans and self-reports are notoriously inaccurate.so i 'll contribute to the anecdotal evidence by saying the supplement , taken by me for a month , had no side effects but did not noticeably improve brain function or sleep . remembering to take the third capsule at bedtime was difficult , perhaps indicative of the supplement 's inability to improve memory .
= neutral on this
< no side effects

> i like apples and cinnamon a lot and this has just the right amount of each . a little crunchy . calorie content is a little high imo but i see that clusters are made of organic apples , organic apple juice contrate , organic potato starch and organic cinnamon . 60 calories for .5 oz - there are 4 servings in each bag and the bag weighs 2.1 oz . you can eat an apple for the same calories and have the skin too but i did like them !
= good snack
< tasty and crunchy

> i use tide laundry detergent whenever i can . occasionally i 'll purchase lower-priced brand but usually end up disappointed.tide came out with this formula for people who work out or who perform manual labor . it gets clothes clean and fresh-smelling . the scent is different from tide 's usual scent . it leans toward smelling like blueberries . in any event , it makes the laundry room and clothes smell good ( though i can understand that some might find it overwhelming ) .
= best detergent
< works well

> wow this book was an emotional roller coaster , i love the young love growing from a strong friendship as the book begins , i also know heartbreak is coming . it was not what i expected , but really written so beautifully i could n't stop reading . i loved the characters , the story , the sadness and pain and the music . wow
= falling into you
< wow

> a powerfully written story that will take your breath away . you will not be able to tear yourself away from the story of sophie and ian . the writing is flawless and the character development perfect . unforgettable first-kiss scene ! seriously , this book needs to be made into a movie . put this at the top of your to-read list for 2013 .
= loved this book ! 5 stars to fisher amelie
< a must read !

> my husband likes this shirt a lot . the color is great ( gunmetal ) , i really like the dark charcoal colors and this one is exactly that . this t-shirt is very soft and comfrotable . it is made out of breathable material . the size is true to what a medium would be . very nice shirt .
= nice tee
< great shirt

> i love this book . what a involved story about the lives of seven brothers . allen and zoey a fairytale come true . with an erotic twist . i ca n't wait to read the stores of all of the rest of the brothers travis , zane , ethan , sawyer , brenden and braeydon .
= club destiny spin off
< love it

> again , this company makes another great earth friendly product . the soap works well to get out dirty kid stuff : - ) and has a nice clean scent without some of the stinky perfumes some companies use . although not cost effective , i could easily use this on all my laundry .
= as usual another great seventh generation product
< works well

> loved this drink , i did . the ginger is very strong with a hint of lemon , all making for a good kick , especially in the aftertaste . i found it quite soothing . the mix dissolves easily . i recommend it with as hot as water as you can stand .
= this is extreme ginger , but if you love ginger , it 's great .
< great drink

> the taste is just ok in our opinion . a couple of my grandkids like them , and my hubby and i decided we prefer regular graham crackers . back to nature definitely needs to work on their packaging . every cracker in the box was broken in multiple pieces .
= a crumbled mess !
< ok taste

> this is a fantastic black tea with a hint of ginger . i would have rated it five stars if it had a stronger ginger flavor as i expected from the title , although with mild notes of ginger present it makes for a yummy cup of tea .
= great black tea with a hint of ginger .
< fantastic black tea

> loved this book ! ! i enjoyed catching up on what 's going on with jh and l and loved them to death ! this was a little bit of up and down but it is hot , hot , hot and sexy steamy ! ! !
= awesome ! ! ! loved this ! ! !
< hot , hot , hot ! ! !

> hubby was very impressed ! he liked the scent , exfoliating beads , and rich lather . it did not leave behind soapy residue - he felt clean and refreshed after his shower . recommended for individuals that like irish spring bar soap .
= hubby loves it ! ! !
< hubby loves it !

> where to begin , ok , i absolutely love travis maddox ! ! this is a travis ' pov of beautiful disaster and gives us a little more than the first book did . so well worth the read !
= love ! ! ! !
< love travis maddox ! !

> i thought these labels had an excellent quality once printed on . i often have my labels smudge because the label itself does n't retain the ink well . these worked very well .
= good quailty
< great labels

> gabe and mia relationship did n't start out as a normal one but what a love story for someone who was always a careless person . loved it .
= wow . loved it
< loved it

> ahhh caleb the monster and james who is ever trying to change , you just have got to love them both . i ended up with the draft copy at first because i was up at 2 am for work and had started reading it instantly . after i got home from work i learned of the unfortunate incident with the final not being uploaded for the pre-order customers . i will say , even with the draft , it was 5 stars , after reading the final , it is 5 more.cj roberts really gave us a deep look inside the mind of caleb and how he tried so hard to be james for sophia . although caleb and livvie are there , they believe they need to move on to the future with james and sophia leading the way.the change to a `` normal '' life is so hard for caleb/james because for one , he is 8 years older than livvie/sophia and when she is n't his captive in the dark , he sees how young she truly is . caleb/james really tries to acclimate himself into livvie/sophia 's new life and friends , as he will do anything to be with her . livvie/sophia is trying to not live through the past and accept that he is trying , although it is hard to trust him yet.i thought this was a great story of caleb 's struggles with what happened to him in his past shaping him into the man/monster he is and was . he still craves that lifestyle , but knows he ca n't have it and still have livvie.loved , loved , loved it is all i can say . as dark as this series is , these characters stay with you and cj roberts did a fan-fing-tastic job at putting an end to their story-maybe it is n't the end . one can always hope . ; )
= we asked and she delivered ! !
< caleb and james

> a young woman at the end of ww ii , whose husband was killed in the war , raises two children in a huge house on a foggy island off of england . the children are photosensitive and can not be in the prescence of light for long . the young woman , grace , places an ad for domestic help and a trio of mismatched servants arrive on the scene to aid the woman . strange happenings occur and grace begins to lose her grip on reality.the others has a wonderful cast who perform superbly . the sets , scenery , sound , lighting , costumes , and effects all add to the eery mood and tone of the film . the film gives just enough information , while keeping enough information hidden to keep the audience guessing to what is going on.the movie is in many ways like the sixth sense . however , the others is different from that movie in one major aspect . the others makes a point to question the improbability of the christian faith . this aspect of the film is overlooked by many , but it is there . the one thing that grace has to comfort her after her husband and servants leave is her faith . she constantly refers to it throughout the film . the film 's ending causes not just grace , but everyone to question what they believe . there is nothing wrong with the questioning , but the others does not present anything else as an alternative to what grace believes . it leaves the viewer feeling as though there is no answers and that there is no god . it is this stealthy , anti-christian message that prevented me from giving this film 5 stars . bash a person 's faith all you want , but be willing to present your alternative when you do .
= like the sixth sense , but different
< a stealthy , anti-christian message

> i was actually quite afraid to try these graham crackers . you know , order them online and experience the thrill of receiving cracker dust upon arrival . as a rule , i do not buy any other grahams except for nabisco 's honey maid brand because , they 're just the best and always have been in our opinion . this back to nature brand includes unusual flavors like this apple/cinnamon and they 're just wonderful ! they 're not overly sweet , have just the right amount of flavoring , and even contain large pieces of oatmeal which are conspicuously displayed throughout the product . and yes , kids do love them , they 're the object of competition in this house - they 're really that good.for the particulars , they are 100 % whole grain with 19g per serving ( 2 full crackers ) , naturally flavored , and contain no artifical preservatives , flavors or colors , no high fructose corn syrup or hydrogenated oils . they do contain 2g of protein and 8g of sugar and 2.5g of fat . calories are 55 per double cracker , and the total fat from calories is 20.so , grab a glass of milk for dunking and try these . you will not be disappointed ! wonder how they would be as a crust for pumpkin cheesecake ? hmmm , sounds like an idea ! oh , in case you 're wondering , mine did arrive with broken pieces , quite a few of them actually . however , since i only received one package to assess them and write this review , they were only shipped in a bubble mailer . if you order them on amazon , they ship them in boxes of 6 so they would arrive in a more protective carton . highly recommend !
= pretty good crackers
< a great graham crackers

> i love tea . i especially love green tea . i also love passion fruit ( they flavor everything with that these days , do n't they ) and i really love the soothing pallet cleansing quality of aloe vera . so , i was particularly pleased to get to try this chan tea product ; this green tea infusion . i 'll start by warning that this looks really unappealing upon receipt and that judging from the large amount of floating debris ( pulp ) and the murky green color one may be almost repulsed by the presence of this product . that said ; i had to try it , so i did and i must admit that i was pleasantly surprised . first off , this really does n't taste anything like green tea or passion fruit , but there is a familiarity to the flavoring so maybe the subtle hints are sparking memories on my tongue . what i will say is that the flavor is solid , with no aftertaste at all and the sweet levels are balanced to the point where this tastes fresh and authentic and organic and , well , sort of delicious . the texture of the drink can be a little off putting , considering that there is so much pulp your constantly rolling balls off the roof of your mouth . still , there is substantial flavor here so give it a whirl and see what you think .
= a little lumpy but overall pretty tasty ...
< i like the flavor , but it 's a good taste

> as someone who loves coffee and orange juice , i did n't really see the point in this `` energy drink . '' i 'm not exactly nuts about the energy drink fad either as i prefer to get my nutrition naturally . but this vitamin squeeze looked like it could be pretty good so i gave it a shot.there are a few problems off the bat . there 's no real way of measuring how much to put in your cup . i guess you could use a measuring cup , but that seems like a hassle just to put something in your water . beyond that , there 's no way of fixing it if you put too much in . this drink requires a fair amount of finesse as there 's no real margin for error.beyond that , it tastes really fake . like watered down kool aid infused with one of those vitamins that 's not supposed to have an after taste but does . this drink is supposed to be an easier way to get your vitamins , but it certainly is not.i do n't recommend this drink to anyone . it 's possible that some people may enjoy this taste . but for the price and what you 're getting , it 's just not worth it . drink a cup of coffee and some oj instead .
= not really worth it
< not exactly nuts

> short attention span summary:1. main character is a level-headed , kind-hearted bavarian hangman who also functions as a torturer , street cleaner and medicinal herbalist.2 . other leading characters are a half-trained doctor , a village big-wig and a villain with a white bony hand.3 . title character is of limited importance to plot , except during scanty romantic scenes with a leading character , and as a plot device towards the end.4 . story begins nicely with murdered orphans , a midwife accused of witchcraft , the devil running around the place , and a lot of huffing and puffing by village big-wigs.5 . story progresses well with hangman investigating murders to save midwife 's life , plus a major fire and destruction of property.6 . story begins to drag repetitively7 . and drag repetitively8 . and drag9 . ad nauseum10 . ending is nothing exceptionally memorable after waiting so long to get to it.if only the first third of the book had carried over to completion , this would have been a heckuva good book . as it stands , it goes on a few hundred pages too long , and draws out some of the `` action '' scenes until boredom sets in.it has a good heart , but far too much body.amanda richards , october 11 , 2011
= much ado about nothing much
< a good book , but ...

> we tried this out during my sister 's super bowl party and everyone really loved it ! the sauce is sweet and very flavorful when you first taste it and then after a few seconds you get a nice bite from the spicy chipotle . i would n't call it hot , but it was spicy enough that i warned my nieces ( 10 and 7 ) before they tasted it . they said they liked it , but i noticed they did not come back for more . they stuck with the veggie tray with the ranch dip.we put the sauce over cream cheese and the flavors were amazing together.we used about half the bottle over one block of cream cheese . that seemed to give us the perfect combo of the creamy soft cheese and the tasty sauce.too bad it has raspberry seeds ! i did n't hear any complaints from anyone else , but i did need to search out a tooth pick later in the day.i wanted to take the rest of the bottle home but i felt like i had to leave it at my sister 's since she enjoyed it so much . oh , well ... i 'll just have to get another bottle .
= yum , tastes so delicious !
< sweet and tasty

> vegan cookies are hard to find . tasty vegan cookies are even harder , especially if you are on a budget . and ginger snaps are available about everywhere but most of them are nothing to write home about . these ginger snaps are the exception.i am a huge fan of ginger - i love the stuff . these cookies have plenty of it , not only ground ginger but tiny bits of candied ginger , and that makes a world of difference . these cookies will bite you back ! not in a bad way , but in that slightly hot , tickle-your-tongue way that ginger lovers adore . they are by far the most gingery snaps i 've tasted , so if you are not a fan of the spice , they will most likely not appeal to you . the cookies are quite crunchy and dense , as a good snap should be . not too sweet , just a satisfying combination of spicy and sweet . add to that organic ingredients and a do-good company , only 130 calories per 5 cookie serving , and it all adds up to a winner . i love these cookies !
= a pleasure , but not a guilty one
< tasty , tasty , and tasty !

> i 've never tasted curry , and my only venture into asian food has been at the local chinese buffet.i liked this a lot ! enough spiciness but could have had a little more -- when compared to salsa , this is mild , and the coconut is a nice balance to the spicy flavor . i did n't notice this being overly sweet.i used 2 lbs . of extra lean stew meat ; i 'm lazy when it comes to cooking and also do n't like to touch raw meat ( i know , it 's just the `` dead animal thing '' i have going on in my head ) . the package said to serve with either rice or mashed potatoes . i boiled some small red potatoes , and mashed those up with their skins on . some of the `` gravy '' was good on top of the mashed taters . this box made 5 adult-sized servings , plenty to go around , and we were all stuffed.this is a dish i would n't be ashamed to serve to company , and i plan on ordering more .
= easy to prepare , delicious
< a nice balance of coconut

> after reading a dangerous fortune ( a great book by follett ) , i immediately started reading this book . it is incredibly long and very slow at the beginning and i seriously considered scrapping the whole thing . it took about the length of a normal novel for this book to get good , but then i enjoyed it quite a bit.follett covers about 70 years in this story of the building of a cathedral and all those involved . there are good and bad , rich and poor , weak and strong . follett pulls no punches and rarely throws in twists , but manages to tell a good story . the historical detail is very educational if at times rambling.if you are a follett fan , then i recommend this book . if you are considering follett , try something shorter . i also took a break while reading this to read the jester by james patterson . that book covered the same time period , but in much less detail .
= i ca n't believe i 've finished this book .
< a great book for the series

> this is such a cool little product . basically , it is glue that rolls out like tape , kinda . there are a bunch of little timy clear glue dots that roll onto the paper or whatever surface you are working with . the holding power is just as good as regular glue.with 2 middle schoolers and a high schooler , i can see this product being used alot in my home for projects , posters , etc . the `` dots '' are very flat , so there wo n't be any bubbling up underneath whatever you 're gluing . it is also much cleaner than traditional school glue . i could see toddlers and elementary aged students being able to use it with ease as well , all while eliminating the mess of glue ! it may be a little more costly than regular glue , but i think it is a fair trade off . there is no mess and projects come out much neater . very cool idea !
= what a neat idea !
< cool idea !

> i tried reading the pre-release of this to review for amazon but could not get past all the characters in the beginning ... the first 50 pages introduced so many to keep straight that i just did n't have the energy or care to ... so i did n't give it a good recommendation.now , one year later i picked it up again and stayed with it , finding it immensely enjoyable . our book club selected it for our book of the month and so i was forced to give it another try and i 'm glad i did . the characters are great , the dialogue is wonderful.now i understand all those good reviews , but sometimes you just have to be in a mood for this type of book , and keeping track of letters and dates and characters requires effort when you want escapism from reading .
= second attempt was the charm ... .
< great characters , great characters , great characters

> i 'd seen an add for these in a magazine recently , but my local grocery store has n't had them in stock , so i was really glad to get the chance to try the appletini flavor out . it 's delicious ! while it certainly does n't taste like the real thing , it 's got a nice , light flavor that is different from all the other powdered drink mixes out there.also , a few reviewers mentioned that it tastes a bit like a jolly rancher in its sourness , but i do n't think that it 's sour at all.i try not to drink more than one glass of crystal light a day because i worry about the aspartame in it , which this one also has.overall , a really tasty drink ! i 'm eager to try to mojito one next .
= really tasty
< delicious !

> once i starting reading this book ... i had to just continue to see where the adventure lead me . the story line is a little out there , but it is a great ride . dan brown seems to have a great attention to geographic detail . it is a very good description of rome , well the places you could actually go to as a tourist.the wonderful path of twist and turns we take through the catholic church , the illuminati and the science community is proof of this writter skill at weaving a story to enthral us . if you pick up this book , read it without a critical eye , remember it is fiction . if you do this you will thourghly enjoy it . i will be looking for more books of this author by the morning .
= a page turner
< a great ride

> doctor kracker 's garlic parmesan cracker crisps are not overwhelmingly garlicky or cheesy ( first ingredient is parmesan cheese ) . i unintentionally ate 3/4 of the bag treating them as a stand-alone snack - they grow tastier as you eat ! they also paired well with some sun-dried tomato-basil soft cheese that i had in my refrigerator.i was going to try a tomato bruschetta , but , alas , i ate the crackers before i could make the tomato-basil topping . i am certain the pairing would have been great & the crackers are hard enough to withstand the tomatoes.all-in-all , a tasty , crunchy cracker . they also have a bonus of containing the following per serving : 5g protein , 3g fiber , 0g sugar , 12g whole grain .
= tasty artisan cracker ! 5g protein too .
< tasty , crunchy , crunchy , crunchy , crunchy

> i drank this at work today for a boost of energy , which it provided , but as far as flavor , it was good but not excellent . it does n't stand out to me anymore than any of the other cold coffee drinks i have purchased , including starbucks and seattle 's best . i have recently been purchasing the generic brand at our aldi grocery store to save money and it 's just as good as any of the brand name ones . so , i would drink this again , but i would n't make an effort to purchase this brand . i 'm happy with any cold coffee drink , and purchase according to price .
= good but not excellent
< good but not great

> this was not over the top , in a negative way , that i expected it to be . when it first came out in theaters and on video , i skipped it because the previews made it look cartoonish . not in a good sense like `` sin city '' but in a saturday-morning-cartoons way . this also was as much in-your-face as `` sin city '' .it 's a good surprisingly , supposedly pretty accurate , and good video quality on blu-ray . it 's one of those movies you have to watch just to know what everyone else is talking about . and this one is n't a waste of time like some popular movies .
= not over the top
< not over the top

> these are really rather good -- dense dark chocolate flavor , nice `` mouth feel '' ( crunchy , chewy ) . nice high-fiber count , too.i 'm on weight watchers , and the calculator totals these at 3 points each . they 're 120 calories -- similar to a lot of `` diet ' snacks -- but the difference is in the amount of fiber.there 's a slightly `` chalky '' taste to them ( maybe due to the chicory listed as one of the main ingredients ) that i 'm not wild about -- but if you 're looking for a high-fiber chocolatey snack , these might fill the bill .
= tasty snack ...
< good taste , but not too chalky

> got ta love a hott mma book . nico and elle are amazing . i loved nico ... he is one of my favorite mma fighters now . i went to bed last night at 21 % n had dreams of nico all night ... lets just say did n't get much sleep and i did not wan na get up this morning . the chemistry between nico and elle is amazing . i loved the storyline and the writing but that 's not surprising since ive loved everything i 've read from vi keeland . ca n't wait to another fighter book from vi ... vinnys story .
= loved it . great mma book
< nico and elle

> this miracle-gro kit provides you with everything you need to get some seeds ( included ) started for a salad and herb garden . the pods are self contained.the kit presumably uses miracle-gro fertilizer , complete with the chemical salts that their product entails , so it may not be what organic gardeners are looking for.we have n't tried to start the seeds yet because we received the kit at the height of the summer -- starting the plants would have been a death sentence . i 'll supplement this review in the spring when we have a chance to get the plants going .
= neat kit
< good kit for the price

> whenever i open the cabinet where the dog snack are my two boston terrier are running from the furthest place in the house-great distraction from jumping at incoming guests for example . so problems with them eating calcium sticks . i like that it has a calcium , great from bones , but i wish they could last longer . basically it is a reward kind of snack in my house.looks like it is a month supply for my 2 dogs , but i always pick up similar item in target etc .
= my dogs eat everything ; )
< great for bones

> three people tried these at the same time . it was interesting to watch the reactions . when you first put these in your mouth they are very hard . as they soften , you get more flavor from them and we could taste a lot of cinnamon . one person loved them ! another said they were just ok. the third person did not like them . guess it depends on your taste .
= mixed reactions
< not bad

> i 'm usually weary of movie with big hype but million dollar baby delivers . eastwood and freeman were magnificent and were completly seamless in their performances ... but hilary swank is the real deal . another stellar performance garnered her the much deserved oscar and i can only hope that there are equally as bright performances in her future . highly recommended -- but do n't forget the box of kleenex .
= the best
< eastwood 's best

> this flavor was n't too bad . i like sweet tasting drinks , and this is very sweet . i kind of reminds me of a strawberry jolly rancher . my 15 yr. old son tried some too , and said that he liked it as well . i just do n't like the price . i think it is too expensive for such a small can .
= it 's kind of sweet
< not too bad

> here is a `` soda '' that is n't too sweet or come in a can too large . the cherry flavor is just right , a bit of tangy and a bit of sweet , the bubbles from the carbonation curling around your tongue , and this is a very satisfying beverage . i loved it !
= excellent flavor
< a bit of a bit of tangy and a bit of tangy

> although i am a regular coffee drinker , all the energy drinks tend to charge me up too much . the taste of this one is the selling point . had a great taste , with very little aftertaste.if i buy another energy drink , other than good ol java , it will be this one .
= fine , for what it is
< great taste , great taste

> love is n't a strong enough word for how much i loved this book ! the story is so different from the books i read and i could n't get enough ! i could n't put it down . i 'm so looking forward to more from this wonderful author !
= remy , remy , remy ! ! ! !
< love , love , love !

> pure organic wild blueberry bars are very tasty . they are surprisingly moist with a hint of blueberry and lots of nuts . they actually reminded me of my grandma 's banana bread with blueberries instead of bananas . definitely worth a try !
= very tasty !
< tasty !

> a good read , a typical quick and easy grisham read . there were a lot of lawyers and names that were often hard to follow , but the story was good , the characters great . very enjoyable .
= very good
< good read

> harlan coben is awesome ... .this book moves fast maybe too fast ... .i read it in 3 quick sittings , but it was fun . lot 's of twists and turns , harlan , keep them coming ...
= another great one
< another great book ...

> loved evan ... hated the aunt ! ! ! i enjoyed this book alot more than ii thought ! looking forward to the rest ! really great read and hard to put down
= oh evan !
< loved it ! !

> depp steals this movie . you can not take your eyes off this audacious performance . orlando who ? fun for all , including the older kids .
= larceny
< depp steals the movie

> there are a lot of things going for this film . its grotesque parody of japanese culture - a true delight to anyone who knows japan - is without question a bull's-eye : having lived in japan , i can say that the place really does at times appear to you the way that it does to the visitors . coppola gets japan , or at least tokyo , in what i found to be a unique yet tasteful way . the chemistry between murray and johansson is also extremely believable : two strangers in their own life crises meet in a hotel and strike up a sudden intimacy , feeling like soulmates is their splendidly luxurious isolation and cultural alienation . finally , the acting is positively excellent , particularly johansson , who comes off as something of a dowdy intellectual , confronted by a stalled marriage and broken identity . but murray is great , too , as a film star whose life is moving too fast as his wife pulls away from him while controlling the nest of kids at home.that being said , the way that some people heap praise on this film as if it were by bergman goes a bit far . sure , they achieve a kind of immediate intimacy and openness , but these things happen when you travel and then they evaporate just as quickly . but then , this is hollywoodian to its core : the slightest gestures and exchanges are magnified and become icons to compare to one 's own life narrative , a kind of pseudo introspection , almost the way mythology used to supply images to people as they lived their everyday lives.i would recommend the film as funny and smart , but it is only an excellent comedy and not by any means a bildungsroman or psychological realism , as i had been led to expect from the reviews here .
= an enjoyable , perceptive comedy , but deep ? no way .
< a true delight

> this is book 2 in the manhattanites series and the writing is even better than with the first novel . this book may appeal to the new adult readers a little more than the over a ` certain age ' crowd.earthy , sexy , funny and i would say a bit of a parody of all things rich and inane . there is a lot of thinking and discussing of sex - real down and dirty sex- in the first 60 % of this novel . the hotter stuff does n't happen until the endwe also get more of a story towards the end . taddy 's mother trying to heal the rift between her and her daughter , brought some needed emotion to this novel . of course the mother being a supreme witch did n't help the healing.i liked the fact that taddy was a more emotionally driven person than she let everyone believe.again even with such a short novel , the characters are fairly well fleshed out , detail and back-story is adequate without being redundant . there really is no need to have to read book one , to jump right into this one , but it would n't hurt.the only think that did n't quite float my boat totally is that warner seem to fall in love with taddy so quickly . but , this is about the very rich and jaded , so what do i really know ! ! ! just be prepared to suspend your disbelief for the ending . which is sweetly romantic , if a bit fraught with various bodily fluids ! now why ca n't i get the images of snakes , and rather large ones for that matter , out of my head ? i would love to see how the author would give us kiki 's story ( if she chooses to ! ) *arc supplied by publisher*
= holy anacondas !
< better than the first novel

> in star wars style , `` batman begins '' , the fifth installment of the batman franchise , presents the story of the early days of the superhero , from his childhood and his deepest fears , to his personal pursuit to leave those very fears behind , into the birth of his alter ego and his first days fighting crime and injustice in gotham city.the story is beyond enticing . while it could have spared some `` bond '' -like moments that make me scratch my head feeling treated like a silly moviegoer , most of it takes you in with ease . i particularly loved the evolutionary process bruce wayne goes through during his remote `` retreat '' , in order to defeat his fears and overcome his insecurities . the way he gradually builds up batman and his gear also results in a mix of fun and cool . morgan freeman resulted a key character to make this happen.special effects and sound effects are top of the line . i did n't feel particularly overwhelmed by them at any moment ( though it does get pretty noisy some times ) . production design of gotham city was gorgeous . i loved the details in the monorail and the gothic arches it went through as it glided over the city , for example . the batmobile was absolutely b-a-d ( as in cool ) .as a whole , i loved it . i have been a fan of batman since i was a boy and i continue to love the character . i am happy the franchise has n't sold out even after five installments . seems like memento 's christopher nolan was a worthy heir of the first ones , put out by tim burton and joel schumacher .
= christopher nolan is a worthy heir of tim burton and joel schumacher
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i saw these and thought `` what a neat idea . '' and i was n't disappointed . it was fun to try each flavor . for me , the tomato mint was the best - i think because it is the only one that is black tea based . the others are green tea based . despite all the other flavorings , the tea itself still manages to shine through . all of these are decaffeniated.in the spirit of experimentation , i also tried the tomato mint as iced tea and i actually preferred it to the hot version.interestingly , several of these are very high in calcium - the broccoli cilantro contains 90 % dv . and i 'd prefer drinking a cup of that any day over taking a supplement.as you can see from the product snapshots of the nutritional info , these do contain sodium ranging from 135mg to 200mg depending on the bag . label says it is naturally occuring . but you 'll want to be aware if you are on a low sodium diet - and trying to limit your intake.i have a feeling that people who put a lot of sugar in their regular tea and/or are used to drinking highly sweetened beverages , may not enjoy these as much . but perhaps that is a great reason to try these - to have a practically calorie free alternative that manages to have lots of flavor without artificial sweeteners and chemical flavorings .
= tasty and a great source of calcium
< fun to try

> harry and dumbledore are under fire by the ministry of magic for trumpeting the unwelcome news that voldemort has returned . when dumbledore is ousted from his position as headmaster , harry must secretly train his fellow students in defense against the dark arts in order to prepare them for the war that is to come.the second of j.k. rowling 's really big novels is definitely better than the first , `` goblet of fire . '' there is not nearly as much filling and a lot more meat . still , i could have done with fewer of the cutesy elements like crumple-horned snorkacks so that there could have been a sharper focus on what makes this novel really interesting -- its political dimension . rowling seems to be using the road to wwii as a template for the broader arc of her series . cornelius fudge , the leader of the ministry of magic , is a stand-in for neville chamberlain , whom history reviles as the british prime minister who failed to stand up to hitler . of course , voldemort , with his mania for racial purity , is hitler . this is what has led so many to remark on the dark turn the series took . however , i suspect that rowling 's legions of young fans are better off for learning about the baser human tendencies that can lead to war .
= setting the stage for war
< the leader of magic

> i read this book a couple of years ago , and now that the movie is out , the hype is back . i thought the book was just ok , nothing more and wondered why i never wrote a review . i will probably see the movie to see if that sparks some love for the book . i think the plot was ok , but there were parts of the novel that seemed to go on and on ... and on . i wanted to know more about the albino killer , or just something more interesting . i guess i simply wanted more . and the problem that i had with the novel is that there was really nothing too original ... you have religious zealots , secret organizations , secret conspiracy , killers , wealth , beautiful landscapes and a girl who is attracted to a guy , but nothing happens . the only thing that you did n't have , that i can remember that is , is romance . i was even hoping for a little romance to spice up the adventure . oh , and did i forget to say it was kind of like reading about a treasure or scavenger hunt . maybe you should not take my advice and read it yourself .
= it was just ok .
< not what i expected

> so i did n't want to watch the film when it was out because i wanted to read the book because a lot of people had asked me to read it . i think the most interesting thing about the hunger games is the central character 's unpredictability , katniss everdeen does n't know what she wants from who . she does n't seem to have time to think and one after another a series of unexpected events take place . at the end of every chapter the author tries to keep it very interesting by pushing forward a kind of a suspense . this is a fast paced read and you shall not take long to finish the book . the writing is good but everything is mentioned in an autonomous autobiographical voice - in other words she - the protagonist - is giving an account of everything around her . i am a slow reader but i finished this book in one day so you can imagine just how catchy it 's content is . a lotta credit to the author for making the wonderful mockingjays and the jabberjays and pulling that out of thin air and who can forget the mitts with the eyes ! ? ! unquestionably intelligent writing .
= enthralling !
< a intelligent writing , intelligent writing

> from producer j.j. abrams , matt reeves ' cloverfield came out of nowhere ( literally ) to make itself known as a modern day monster movie smash . revolving around a group of young people in manhattan caught in the middle of an attack by an otherworldly beast , cloverfield is a success thanks to the ingenuity of everyone involved , and even more so because the film was so kept under wrap during production . the filming technique may make you a little nauseous ( though not nearly as bad on the small screen ) , but it is a decidedly effective way to present an otherwise tried and tired story , and puts some inventive and new spins on the monster movie genre . it is n't anything spectacular in the least , and the lack of any sort of backstory is a bit of a disappointment , but cloverfield is incredibly effective for what it is , and in that respect alone , the film is a treat . there are a nice selection of extras on the dvd for a single disc release , including an insightful documentary on the making of the film , alternate endings , and an entertaining commentary from director matt reeves among other extras .
= a modern day monster movie smash
< cloverfield

> i did like the digital scenes of an eerily empty and decaying nyc , although how many movies have employed this same device ? everything from the `` war of the worlds '' to `` planet of the apes '' etc etc . the monsters are quite routine looking , as well . but why are the streets conveniently empty of vehicles so that will smith can go speeding down them anywhere he feels like it ? and why does he risk taking his dog out with him when he knows the dog is not immune to the killer virus ? so , we can have our emotions tugged later on , perhaps ? as doomsday movies go , this one is n't too bad . it 's just a bit rehashed , though it 's based on a book i have n't read , so i do n't know how good a job was done on the adaptation . watchable when you get a moment , but not something you will want to see again , possibly .
= standard end-of-world cliches
< not bad , but not great

> these lamma loe sheets are incredibly soft and fine , and with 1500 count , one ca n't even see threads ... this is not cotton but a brushed microfiber , and it washes beautifully . because it 's so fine and i have only washed it once , i ca n't speak to its durability , but with good care , i 'm hoping it has a nice life span . the fibers they are making linens with these days is fascinating ( like bamboo ) and whatever this fiber is , it certainly is a winner.the color is a lovely mocha , a neutral shade of brown that will contrast or blend with many other colors . it also comes packaged in a square plastic bag with a tasseled very smooth zipper on 3 of it 's sides , making it a good item for reuse , and the label is in a pocket and is removable . my sweet dreams will be even more peaceful on these soft as a cloud sheets .
= so soft !
< great for reuse , and a little too sweet

> when i first installed theanco c-26-ub contour wiper blade - 26 '' , ( pack of 1 ) , i was impressed by how easily and quickly it snapped into place . my previous blades were easy , but i did n't trust that they would stay on because of a weak latch . this blade was very secure , so i proceeded with the second blade . again , very easy to install and it snapped comfortably onto the windshield arm . because it was n't raining , i used the car sprayer to test the blades and after a few squirts , i had a clean and sparkly windshield with no hiccups on the windshield . in the rain , these work great , too , but i have n't had the opportunity to test them on a snowy day . i can definitely recommend these blades !
= contour blade clears water and debris
< great for the price !

> convenient . comes with its own dispenser . this is typical post-it grade paper and is completely adhesive on the back -- not just a strip . this tape works great for temporry jobs that you may have . it handles jobs i used to do with post-it pads -- i can quickly attach to anything and easily remove it as well but , unlike the pads , the whole piece adheres to where it is placed . when using pads , only the strip sticke to surfaces and can easily be pulled off or get bent and folded as you work . 400 inches ensures that you will have a suffiecient supply on hand . you can determine how long you want each piece to be and that is an excellent feature ! no need to make pre-cut sizes fit your every need !
= nifty
< convenient and convenient

> omega 3 fatty acid is so important to different areas of the body for good health . omega 3 is in all the eye health formulas ... so it is good for the eyes , good for the heart..good for the mucous membranes ... good for the joints ... good for the brain..etc . i like the softgel capsules because they are easy to swallow . these are not horse pills ! ! they are small and go down easy and i know they are making my body healthier . fish oil is what was used many years prior to the rx cholesterol lowering drugs . i got mine at amazon ... great price anfd fast ship . ( jarrow formulas phoosphomega-5 softgels , 30 count )
= omega 3 's
< good for the eyes

> this tastes nothing like the big bottles of thick green aloe juice i get from the korean markets , which is the only type of aloe drink i 've ever had . instead , this is a clear liquid , slightly thicker than water . it 's not bad for something said to be healthy . i appreciate the organic aspect and everything , but unfortunately this is plagued by that stevia aftertaste . if that does n't bother you , than you might like this a lot . i 'd rather have a bit more sugar , especially since the included sugar is real sugar and not corn syrup . i 'd drink it again , but i prefer the korean stuff .
= not as expected
< tastes like thick green aloe juice

> ok , let 's face it - lipton is lipton . it is what it is - the lower grade of tea , highly concentrated due to the small tea leaf particles ( i.e . tea dust ) that is not part of their loose leaf triangle bag line , and tends to be bitter because most everyone brews it too long . [ in hot water , i 'd recommend one minute or less ! ] ... these k-cups are ok - they do have a strange after-taste , that was not my thing , but they tasted reasonably good - your call on the recommendation , i liked the flavor ok and lipton fans may love this .
= ok flavor , lipton fans may like more
< lipton is lipton

> as always , rowling is consistantly good . this book occilates between incediary action and introspective narrative . i liked the pace of the book and i was pleased with how she wrapped up the series . of course beloved characters die and the story is dark , but not oppressively so . my only real qualm was with the epilogue , i was not at all pleased with how vague she was , it was stunning really..and i just knew the last word of the book would be love ... but alas it was not . overall though , i loved the book and am grateful to ms. rowling for taking us on her adventure..j.k ... you rock
= harry 's journey ends
< good good

> easy to use , ideal for kids , beginners or limited space . my first thought i had when i saw these pods were for a container garden . i 've seen so many inspiring gardening ideas on pinterest that i thought i 'd give it a shot . i 've started the spices in little pots and i 'm going to make some sort of wall or fence hanging . as the seasons change i will plant the other veggie pods and add to it . the kids love this kit and are helping me design and build the layout . i hope to add pictures soon for inspiration .
= easy to use , ideal for kids , beginners or limited space
< easy to use

> i 'm a regular coffee drinker and not always loyal to a specific brand , however , i do usually choose specialty brands over the store-brand or more common folgers/maxwell house bargain varieties . yuban breakfast blend ground coffee is a good compromise for a great tasting , fairly mild coffee at a reasonable price . it is comparable in taste and quality to some of the higher priced , `` boutique '' coffees , but close to price in the bargain store-brand quality blends.i would definitely try some of their other blends , as well as using the breakfast blend ground coffee again !
= good quality coffee at an affordable price
< great tasting coffee

> we eat spicy foods in the family but my husband and son prefer dishes hotter than i do . hot sauce is a condiment on our dinner table . i would n't call this the typical tobacco sauce , although vinegar and chilis are in this product , but a similar sauce . this stuff is hot and not much is required to get your taste buds flaming , but there 's also a distinctive flavor about this sauce that adds a nice , spicy taste to especially that breakfast burrito.this is pricy but worth it .
= this is not the typical hot sauce
< hot sauce

> these sleek brushed stainless measuring cups are functionally styled to go beautifully with a stainless steel kitchen . they sit flat , with no tendency to tip , have silicone handles so there is no slickness or heat transfer , and are clearly color-marked on the handles with size . the set includes 1/4 , 1/3 , 1/2 , and full cup . the handles are notched so the cups can be attached/detached from the ring , so the nested set stays concisely together when stored . i can not fathom any improvements .
= not a vintage touch here !
< sleek and functional

> the chips ahoy chewy gooey megafudge cookies are incredibly rich and chocolaty . they remind me of subway 's double chocolate chip cookies , which are my favorites - except these go an extra step and have a gooey chocolate center . the centers are n't as creamy as the packaging or commercial would lead you to believe . but these are now one of my top picks for cookies . delicious . decadent . these will satisfy the most demanding of sweet tooth 's .
= fudge explosion
< delicious and chocolaty

> enjoyed this story about peter but the two books could have been put into one ! ! ! the next one is about his brother sean that has 7 volumes to it . i bought just the first one at 118 pages rediculous ! ! ! ! ! could have at least put 3 volumes in one . if the first one is n't that good , i wo n't be buying the other 6 ! ! ! ! ! !
= kathy
< great story

> really nice flavor . i have it at night for a treat before bedtime . really nice being able to make it at home instead of having to go to starbucks and you can make it as strong as you like . true vanilla flavor , tastes like what vanilla extract smells like . also great for company , after all , who does n't like vanilla flavor ... . absolutely no bitter after taste .
= starbucks vanilla flavored
< nice flavor

> as a guy i hate to admit i have sensitive skin . i get rashes from just about everything that comes in contact with my skin . the dr. calls it & # 34 ; contact dermatitis & # 34 ; . after a week using this nutriummoisture deodorant i have to admit it 's one of the best i 've ever used . very mild scent , feels silky and does n't irritate .
= feels silky smooth
< very mild scent

> i use these hooks in my walk in closet to hold necklaces , belts , purses , etc . they are very handy and easy to install . and they 're strong ! one hook will hold a lot of weight . they 're also easy on the wall and when removed leave no sign at all that they were even there . you 'll find all sorts of uses for these hooks .
= very handy !
< great for closet

> wow ! as much as i hate being left hanging , at least the end of this book was n't as bad as the first . rafe and ari continue their roller coaster ride of a relationship . i love that ari has more of a backbone in this installment . what i love even more is that we got to see more of lia and shane . ca n't wait for seduced !
= yes !
< love it !

> everyone loves a snack . and although the chips or candy bar are often very tempting , these apple snacks provide a very satisfying alternative.the rolled in cinnamon process provides your taste buds with a very crunchy , very tasty snack idea.keep them in the pantry right next to those other tasty snacks to remind yourself to choose a little better when wanting to satisfy a craving .
= wow !
< crunchy and tasty

> i was unsure how i was going to like this book since there have been so many biker books lately . it was well written and the characters were all well developed . austin and amy definitely had some twists and turns in this story but i will definitely read the next book in this series .
= i liked it .
< good read

> nice sized labels in bright colors are very versatile . each label peels from a pad and sticks very well to many surfaces . these labels are removed easily and can be reapplied easily too . i highly recommend this product .
= great removable label
< great labels

> downey has a great , manic energy about him , and it shines through in this movie . iron man one of the hippest , best-written and best-directed superhero movies . ca n't wait for iron man ii .
= iron man
< the best movie of the year

> what a great story , it 's a must read and i loved the entire book . it was intriguing and very moving with raw emotions . it 's a must
= best book
< great story

> this book is one of the best books i 've ever read . the storyline was amazing ! i wish there were more books like this one !
= best book
< one of the best books i 've ever read !

> i 'm not really sure how you would review a dog treat ? certainly not by taste ... i hope ? i guess , i 'll start by saying that my dog chowed right down on the flatsticks treats and he seemed to like them . ( of course , he eats his own poop every now and again , so its not like he 's a connoisseur of fine doggie delicacies ) the flatsticks seemed to last about a minute or so once rex began his munching , so if your looking for something that will occupy your pooch 's time , this most likely wo n't be the treat for you . unless , of course , you have a small dog , then your mileage may vary.as far as bang for your buck , i do like that they pack 60 treats per pack , so the pack should last awhile , but the $ 30 dollar neighborhood is a bit rich for me and my mutt . there are quite a few options out there for teeth cleaning/breath cleaning doggie treats that wo n't cost you over $ 5.00 for a big box , and most likely they will accomplish the same thing as the flatsticks calcibones.so does the product work ? i 've been feeding him these things for about 2 weeks now , and still have no clue . his teeth look the same , and as for his breath ... well considering he drinks from the toilet and is in the habit of licking his own bung hole on occasion , i 'll take a pass on performing an odor detection test , and trust that his breath improves aftering snarfing down a calcibone treat .
= my dog loves them ... but ...
< a bit rich for me

> don tillman is an odd duck . he is brilliant as a scientist but socially inept and clueless . he schedules his time to the minute and his meals are standardized , one for each day of the week . his speech and thoughts are formal and stilted . for obvious reasons , he is alone . and i really liked him , flaws and all.when he decides he needs a wife , he develops an extensive questionnaire for potential mates , including such questions as `` do you eat kidneys ? '' . all critically important to him . the reader can see his logic and understand why all this is crucial to him , even while she is thinking , no , no , not the way to go about it , don.of course , he meets someone through a friend , someone not at all suited for the wife project . rosie.this is not one of those books were you need to jot down the cast of characters to keep them straight . don professes to have two friends , a married couple , one with questionable morals disguised as a project of his own.i do n't read a lot of romances , and this is a romance , but in its own odd , endearing way . it is more about someone who does n't fit in trying to be normal , or at least present a view that the world sees as normal . the characters are fun , there is great heart in the story , and it is just a charming , feel-good story that gave me that warm , fuzzy we all need now and then . i thoroughly enjoyed it .
= scientific mate-finding
< charming , feel-good story

> warning : this review contains a massive spoiler ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i just got back from seeing a 7:15 screening of this movie , and i must say- it was the best movie i ever saw.i wonder why the snore-fests `` troy '' and `` alexander '' could n't be more like this movie . it 's everything that a mythology-based movie should be like . this movie will inevitably blow any other historical crap off the map.the movie begins with the history of king leonidas . ever since he was a child , he was exposed to such unusual cruelty . now , he is a king , and is bringing an army of 300 spartans against persians . he climbs to a mountaintop , and finds a woman , who does a dance for him , and foretells that an army amongst them is ready to attack . now , it 's up to him and his army of 300 brave men.this is ultimately an epic story told on a sweeping scale . the visuals are cool , the cinematography is amazing , and the story is apocryphal with an ending with king leonidas ' self-sacrifice that had me hanging on the edge of my seat.now i would not recommend this for the young ones , as it is incredibly violent and gory . what it does do is recreate a violent country in a violent mythological time.check it out !
= exactly what i hoped for
< the best movie i 've ever seen

> ok , i will admit it : i just do n't `` get it . '' this movie obviously has a wide appeal . two of my co-workers raved about how funny it was , which prompted me to buy it . i laughed a total of one time ( not the best return on my investment for a comedy ) .the humor in the movie is very dry - and that 's an understatement . napoleon is the `` class geek '' that all of us remember from high school . so far so good , but the film simply did n't do anything for me . in a word , i found it lame.i literally nearly fell asleep during this movie - it was that dull for me . by about 1/4 way through it i could not wait for it to end . i stuck it out as i kept expecting it to get better and become funny . it never did.the only part of the movie i liked was the when in rome song they played during the closing credits . i liked it because the song was nostalgic and because it was during the credits , which meant the movie was over . yah ! !
= this movie needs some dynamite !
< i just do n't do anything for me .

> wow . just . wow . this book was fantastic ! remington tate has moved up to the top of my book boyfriend list . nothing like a gorgeous , flawed man ! remington riptide tate is an underground boxer and a good one at that . he sees brooke at a fight and has to have her , all of her . brook is a sports therapist , hired to work alongside of remy during his fight season and naturally they are immediately attracted to each other.remy is tough on the outside and troubled on the inside , a deadly combination for any girl , let alone the strong willed brooke . this book is electric the whole way through , the chemistry between remy and brook is unbelievably written . at 40 % there was still no sex , but i was hooked and just had to mow through it to see what happens.i absolutely loved this book , so much between these main characters , not to mention the sister , the best friend and remy 's training team . my favorite part was no cliffhanger and there is room for more remy and brooke in the future.read this book now !
= real-ly amazing ! !
< wow !

> until four days ago , when we adopted a bearded collie ( ? ) mix who had been abandoned , i was a total newbie as a dog 's companion . we followed all the recommendations of shelter staff , including buying the thirty-pound bag of `` wellness '' food they recommended . cathy would n't eat much , and only if she was hand-fed . after two days we did slightly better with the purina dog chow from the supermarket , but , since she would n't eat -- not what one would expect from an abandoned animal on the thin side -- we worried that she was sicker than we knew.the glowing reviews of chef michael 's made me hopeful . my optimism about the positive impact of having a dog in our home has been rewarded , and so has my optimism about this food . amazingly , on the first try , cathy just emptied the bowl ( and licked the floor in the place where she dropped some ) .now my only problem is finding a neighbor who wants 29 pounds of highly rated food which our dog wo n't eat .
= she likes it !
< a dog 's companion

> well , people that are really into all aspects of the hobbit and the lord of the rings have a point . yet for a casual reader and the first exposed this box set will do just find . personally , i can not stand any of the contemporary pictures as they distract from the verbal descriptions and the pictures that they produce in ones mind . my favorite media is the unabridged tapes , yet you can not see the spelling that way.there is no sense in repeating the 500+ reviews . except that , there is a definite style change between the hobbit and the lord of the rings . i found that due to the more simplistic form of the hobbit and the fact that the stories are not as fleshed out , that it worked out better for me to read the lord of the rings first . then when the mysterious creatures came to tea i could better understand who they were and why they were there.the only real drawback to this set is that there is not more . where do you go from here ?
= prepare for a grate adventure
< the hobbit and the lord of the rings

> i did n't love an unexpected journey and did n't have high hopes for this one . yes , peter jackson has done spectacular things . yes , lotr was a phenomenon . i just thought that the hype was greater than the results for the first movie in the trilogy . still , i had to give it a shot and i am really glad i did . this movie was breathtaking . from start to finish i was riveted . the music , the action , the plot , the acting and the backdrops had me absolutely spellbound . if the first one of the series was andy serkis ' and martin freeman 's movie , this one belonged to richard armitage and martin freeman . superb acting by all , but particularly these two . i was transported to middle earth.if there was one flaw , it was the odd choice for the interspecies romance between tauriel and kili . that part dragged , but thankfully it was n't a huge part of the story.looking forward to the last installment .
= improvement over an unexpected journey
< breathtaking

> peeled snacks are very crunchy , but made with real apple juice so they are also tart and juicy ! there is an intense apple and cinnamon flavor , which is delicious.they are a simple snack . the ingredient list includes : organic apples , organic apple juice concentrate , organic potato starch , and organic cinnamon . peeled snacks have only 60 calories a serving , but 4 servings to a pouch ( 2.1 ounces ) , and without fat or gluten . there is really nothing to these snacks at all : only 14g of carbohydrates , 2 grams of dietary fiber , and 10grams sugars ! the package states one full serving of fruit , but i am unsure if the claim is for a serving or for an entire pouch.i think they are a very good snack . i think they might be a little pricey , but they are made from organic ingredients.if health food is your interest , i would definitely try peeled snacks . they are healthy , crunchy , flavorful , and refreshing ! recommended .
= refreshingly crunchy snack
< crunchy and refreshing !

> this leather cover for the paperwhite kindle is excellent and well-designed . this is the cover that 99 % of paperwhite owners will want . your paperwhite kindle fits in it seamlessly and perfectly . when the front closes the paperwhite shuts down and when you open it the paperwhite activates . ca n't beat that . i deducted one star because the leather cover has what i regard to be an inferior texture compared to the much nicer leather on my amazon kindle fire cover . that is absolutely the only `` flaw '' that this cover has and perhaps i am being a bit unfair . this is a perfectly-designed , minimalist cover that works superbly . it is light so by using this cover the kindle paperwhite retains its light , handy quality . the magnetic `` latch '' works perfectly as well . the paperwhite snaps into this cover and most users will never , ever remove it . good product ; i do wish the leather were a little more satisfying . rjb .
= excellent case for the paperwhite kindle
< excellent cover

> this book must have been a challenge to write . how to make it compelling in its own right while also wrapping up all the plot lines that have been thrown out in previous books ? i think rowling does a fabulous job of bringing many things to a close , but she 's done so in a somewhat haphazard manner . for instance , while any of the other books in the series could stand alone for new readers , someone who has n't read the previous books would be totally lost . and the plot does a lot of drifting from here to there with no clear path , which made it much less exciting than previous books . i also hated to see some of my favorite characters meet their end -- so sad ! all in all , though , this book ends well , with the same excitement and intrigue that characterized the rest of the series . well done , j.k. ! ps what happened to luna ? ? ?
= wraps up the loose ends , but still something is missing
< a must read !

> if you like the true flavors of mexican food and the spicy kick of jalape & ntilde ; os , then avoid this sauce . the first word of their description was `` spicy '' so i jumped at the chance to try it . it was not remotely spicy . we tried the sauce on our tacos ( which we do make spicy ) and all this served to do was muddle the flavors of the meat and give us an unpleasant aftertaste . i tasted it on its own and it was quite disappointing . there was no jalape & ntilde ; o flavor and it tasted like it was full of artificial flavors that had gone bad . we are huge fans of the tex-mex restaurant , chuy 's , and they have a creamy jalape & ntilde ; o sauce that is the perfect blend of the heat from the peppers and the chill of the cream . taco bell 's jalape & ntilde ; o sauce had none of that .
= not spicy
< not bad , but not great

> the one thing iron man has going for it is robert downey jr who is just perfect for this role . he is a natural and really embodies the character just right . there is wit and charm and appeal . however , i found the movie a tad on the slow side and fairly predictable . there was no doubt in my mind who the 'bad guy ' was , and i know nothing about this comic book.this film , though fun at times did not spark my interest like the dark knight or even transformers did . there were boring lulls and nothing particularly interesting to fill the action-less void . iron man is certainly a very good comic book movie , far better than many i 've seen , but certainly not the best . it will appeal to many , mostly , again , because of the main character 's likeability and the very nice special effects the film has to offer .
= entertaining , but lacking slightly
< iron man is a good comic book movie

> these are actually not treats , but are chews for dogs . they are calcium fortified , and at about 6 inches long and 3/4 inch wide , they are a great size for our little chihuahuas.sadly , they both turned up their noses when i dropped them down where they were playing . just not interested . i finally got one of them to chew on one for awhile , but only after i broke one in half . she chewed it down about an inch before she wandered away bored.while these may be filled with all kinds of wonderful stuff , unless the dogs are interested , they are n't particularly helpful.i gave them 2 stars instead of 1 , since i was able to convince one of my dogs to at least chew on one for awhile .
= it does n't help if the dogs do n't `` bite . ''
< not treats

> j.r.ward has done a wonderful sequel to dark lover . in lover eternal , we meet rhage , a vampire who has a particularly nasty curse to contend with , and mary , a human with a curse of her own . the same excellent writing ( unfortunately , with the same overuse of the letter `` h '' and street slang ) and the strangely believable world of paranormal happenings in upstate new york give a great read as you travel along with rhage and mary and see how they can - or ca n't - combat their tribulations . but , fair warning , this one has a lot of tears for the reader . worth every tissue !
= get your tissues ready
< rhage and mary

> my dogs love them ! i have yet to give them one of these waggintrain treats without them loving them ! and i have very picky dogs ! one is a giant airedale and the other a pug . both dogs loved these ! the pug had a little bit harder time chewing them , but he enjoyed the work . the airedale gobbled them right up ! this is a nice sized bag as well and will definitely last quite a while . they are a larger sized snack so i would keep it to one a day , or two for larger dogs . you can also cut them into smaller pieces quite easily .
= my dogs love them !
< my dogs love them !

> herb tea can be a great evening drink when it is time to relax . it 's low in calories and tastes yummy . this tea surprised me because it really is like blackberry tea , it is even berry colored . i drank it hot with no sweeteners and it had a slight natural sweetness and the vanilla flavor was light . it mostly tasted like berries . the pyramid tea bags are also an innovative idea they are roomy enough for the berries to expand in the bag and for the flavor to really come through . this tea would be good iced or with some sweetener or milk .
= surprisingly yummy
< yummy tea

> i love ginger which is why i tried gold kili . unfortunately at the recommended strength it was too strong for me . for someone who eats crystalized ginger that 's rather surprising . and the flavor is good when hot , but once it cools down , it has a peculiar and not very pleasant quality to it.all things considered , i 'm not sold on this , though if i was n't concerned that it 's what 's made me sick today , i 'd be willing to try it again at about half strength.strange product . if you love ginger , try it , but use caution .
= a little intense
< not bad , but not great

> some have called this tale of a post-apocalypse world hopeless -- but i completely disagree . i think the story of a man and his son traveling through a burned-out , desolate landscape in the hopes of a better tomorrow the very defnition of hope.the love between the two is simple and pure , nothing more or less than the love between parent and child . the writing is stripped to the very core -- not even punctuation clutters the sparseness . but it is rich all the same . and unforgettable.i will carry this book with me in my heart for a long time .
= moving , unforgettable , searing .
< a rich tale of a tale

> this stylus is a lightweight tool for basic tablet use . it 's a very simple design , simply brushed silver with grey rubber tip ( which i am a bit concerned about holding up over the long term ) that allows for decent control for basic uses like game play and typing but i feel it lacks the touch for any fine line work or suitable control for `` aim and fire '' games . ( often `` firing '' while you 're still aiming ) still as a basic stylus it 's seems to be a decent inexpensive choice .
= basic , no frills stylus
< lightweight tool

> the jarrow formulas methyl b12 go to work fast , under the tongue . swallowing it whole can result in a loss of as much as 50 % of vitamin b12 potency in the high acid environment of the stomach . it seems to be the cheapest 5000-mcg methyl b12 in 60 lozenges on the market . however , many multivitamins , especially for people aged 50+ , contain as much as 25 mcg of vitamin b12 per tablet that constitutes whopping 417 % of daily value needed by a person .
= typical action , affordable , but also in multivitamins
< methyl b12

> this definitely fulfills the promise of clean skin that feels soft and without that after-soap roughness . it dispenses in an opaque cream that feels like moisturizing lotion but lathers up easily . if the scent was better ( smelled very old fashioned and chemical-like - a 'granny scent ' to me ) , i would have really liked this a lot . but in the end , scent aside , this is a large size and works as promised .
= very creamy but not loving the scent
< nice scent , good scent

> although i 'm a huge fan , this book just was n't that funny . i kept thinking that if i could see her face , it would be funnier , but not so much in print . much of it was pretty mundane , and the writing just seemed like she was trying too hard .
= so so
< not that funny

> i love the colors and use them to organize every from spices , files as well as boxed items . i gave some to a teacher friend , who used them to organize her first-grade class book collection . only four stars because i feel they 're a bit pricey for only 100 .
= great for organizing
< love the colors and use

> this book is the best ! ! i do n't have words to explain . i could n't put it down . i would wish for a love like this but i already have it too , so i know how the story goes . good for you baby ! ! !
= great great great
< love love love

> this is a great book with an well written storyline . i gave it four stars because it was a little bit hard to follow . the heroine is a little too hard headed and stubborn despite what 's going on around them . she needs to grow up .
= war 1
< great book

> wow ! this book was great ! i really enjoyed taylor and hunter 's relationship , from how they met to how they fell in love and learned to trust and love each other . definitely will read more by this author .
= beautiful
< loved it !

> s.c. finished it up so wonderfully for all of us kellen fans ! the last in this series and it is the best one yet ! kellen & kiera may finally get their hea ! ! !
= kellen kyle or bust !
< kellen & kiera

> taco bell bold & creamy spicy ranchero sauce has a very bold rich and spicy flavor . goes great on tacos and fajitas or any food you might want to add kick to .
= mona lisa
< bold and spicy

> this book was really good . she was abused in a past relationship . and he lost a love one . they come together to heal each other
= broken
< great book

> pros : - promising story- fast paced and easy to read- good writing stylecons : - overly melodramatic , juvenile heroine.- insta-love that was unbelievable
= did n't live up to the hype
< promising

> i really enjoyed reading this book . very well written and deeply engrossing . loved story with a twist . deep issues included .
= extremely great book
< great book

> this fabulous novel certainly deserved the booker prize , and is one of the best i 've read in awhile , and impossible to put down . pi is a young teen in the 1970 's in india . his family runs a zoo , and early on he acquires an encyclopedic knowledge of animals of all kinds . in his spare time he also becomes a student and practitioner of several diverse religions -- india is certainly the place to sample all the great faiths of the world . his family decides to emigrate to canada , but never make it when their ship sinks , and pi is the only human survivor -- or is he ? what follows is an extraordinary tale of courage and survival , of taking the forces of nature and working with them -- in the form of a tiger named richard parker -- rather than against them . martell 's writing , his descriptions of sky and sea and rain and sun , are magical . pi 's religious views do not sustain him in any conventional sense , but he views creation as mystical and powerful . as fabulous as this tale is , martell forces us to suspend disbelief , as pi survives a horrific storm , a carnivorous island , and an encounter with another murderous castaway.pi is rescued of course , to encounter complete disbelief as the representatives of the shipping company attempt to discover what really happened to the ship . during the interview we are presented with another version of the story which at first blush seems more believable , although in many respects more horrible still . suddenly the reader is doubtful -- was this whole thing real at all ? ( keeping in mind of course that this is a novel ! ) but then one asks -- if the second & quot ; believable & quot ; story were true , would pi in fact have survived ? think about it .
= riveting !
< the best of the series

> while watching cast away , a quote from another movie , the shawshank redemption , kept coming to mind ; `` i guess it comes down to a simple choice , really . get busy living or get busy dying . '' that quote sums up cast away . it is a movie about surviving and making choices.tom hanks plays chuck , a fed-ex trouble-shooter who is so constrained by time that he plans dates with his girlfriend months in advance . chuck get called on an emergency assignment and his plane ends up crashing into the ocean . chuck is the only survivor , but is abandoned on a deserted island somewhere in the pacific ocean . the rest of the film revolves around chuck 's quest for survival and his re-education in living.this is a tom hanks movie , make no doubt about it . he helped write it , produce it , and stars in it . however , if cast away was simply a tom hanks film and nothing more , it would have sunk faster than the drowning plane in the movie.cast away is unlike any other film i have ever seen . most people are sick of their existance in life and go to movies to be entertained . this movie is entertaining , but it 's not just an entertainment film . this is a film that was made to make people think . the movie explores man 's existance and forces one to ponder the important and not so important things of life : what truly is important in life ? what do you most revere ? what makes a friend ? how strong is love ? these are all questions that cast away forces one to examine . but the most important question of all is whether to get busy living or get busy dying .
= a different kind of movie .
< the shawshank redemption

> fina-freakin'-ly i can read about my jakey boy ! i missed my boy so much , `` no . you and i are spending time together here , alone . nothing and no one will get me off this island and away from you . i plan on spending the next five days keeping you in the minimal amount of clothes as possible , if not none at all , and spending most of that time effing you senseless . '' he 's still a brass one , `` we 're in the middle of nowhere . in the ocean , no less . who the eff is going to see us ? '' and he does things to a girl 's panties , `` jesus , tru , you 're so effin ' sexy with that dirty mouth of yours . you feel so effin ' tight and hot . i 'm so hard ... effing you deep ... '' yep panties are drenched . and he would drop everything and do anything to make sure tru stays his girl , `` eff no ! baby , we can get married tomorrow if you want . you just say the word and i 'll tell the pilot to take us to vegas . '' there was a scene in the teasers samantha put up that i did n't see in the book and i really was looking forward to actually reading that scene , but she did make up for it with all of jake 's hotness .
= jakey
< i

> robert zemeckis has returned to live-action drama since `` cast away , '' about a man who survives a crash landing on a desert island . now in `` flight '' denzel washington plays a pilot captain whip whitaker , who pulls off a near-impossible landing , saving the lives of most of the passengers and crew.despite the suspenseful crash landing sequence , `` flight '' is no more an action film than `` cast away '' is . robert zemeckis 's new film focuses on the character whip whitaker , who , though hailed as a hero , has a secret that he desperately wants to keep from the people . we learn what the secret is right at the start of the film . in `` flight '' an airplane accident serves only as a starting point for the story that follows , which is pretty predictable , but manages to keep us interested thanks to the star denzel washington 's nuanced acting.the same can not be said about the supporting characters , however . bruce greenwood and don cheadle deliver solid performances as a union representative and a lawyer respectively , but their characters are rather flat . john goodman 's comic relief and the romantic subplot involving a recovering heroin addict ( kelly reilly ) only make the film longer , not better.but the filmmakers have made one right choice and that is denzel washington . he does not disappoint , though i think the film itself does .
= denzel washington does n't disappoint ; the film does
< the flight

> not being a big water drinker , i thought these little flavor products would give me more incentive to drink more water which is obviously healthy . their small size makes them very easy to keep with me . just slip one into a pocket and wherever you can get a glass or bottle of water , you can have mango/peach flavored water . what 's really great is no calories.there is no big issue or secret to making mio flavored water . add a few drops and gently stir . you can add just a little or a lot to customize the beverage to your taste . the one thing i really like is that the mio concentrate dissolves in the water unlike the dry powdered mixes which always seem to sink to the bottom.they do taste great at first . i found the taste was pleasant without being too sugary for me . but before finishing one small 8 oz glass , i started tasting an after-taste . the taste is bad , just stale . it is hard to describe but , everyone will recognize it when it happens.the drinks do work as advertised and they taste good at first , but i 'd rather not drink something that leaves a stale taste in my mouth.rebecca kyle , november 2011
= tastes good , but leaves an after-taste
< good taste , but stale taste

> everyone thinks old henrick vanger is off his rocker when he hires disgraced financial journalist mikael blomkvist , to find his niece 's killer . harriett vanger has been missing for nearly forty years and henrick has never stopped wondering what happened to her . blomkvist goes to henrick 's estate and takes a hiatus from his troubled magazine promising to stay on for one year to look into harriett 's dissapearance.blomkvist teams up with hacker extraodinaire and research assistant , lisbeth salander . together they unearth a series of grisly murders that have a biblical theme . they begin to believe it 's possible that harriett knew the identity of the killer and was in fear for her life on the day she took missing.told with a welcoming , smooth narrative , this mystery will have you turning the pages as you search with salander and blomkvist for the killer . the crimes they uncover are truly horrific.there is a lot of sex and truly grisly crimes in this book so if you do n't like that kind of content , this book wo n't be for you . it is however , a good swedish mystery . i liked the characters and thought steig larson had many good characters and mysterious twists in this first book of the trilogy .
= cold case thriller
< swedish mystery

> the girl who played with fire is the second of a trilogy of mysteries written by the late stieg larsson.the girl with the dragon tatoo was the first one.the books feature a journalist mikael blomkvist and computer genius lizbeth salander . they are set in sweden.these books are so complex and so entertaining that they are hard to describe in comparison with a traditional thriller.they are very superior even to the other swedish mystery writers that i read whenever one is translated and published in english.mikael is very much for exposing evil and keeping corruption in authority exposed in the magazine millenium . lizbeth is pretty much a mystery . she has almost super human strenghts while appearing like a tiny waif . it does not do to under estimate her . together they are formidable foes against evil . super heros really . i am not going to summerise the book , it has been done beautifully by other reviewers . i will just say , do yourself a favor and make this book your `` must read book '' for this summer and you will be as eagerly awaiting the next book as i am . it is very helpful to read the first book before reading this one but not necessary .
= splendid thriller
< the girl who played with fire

> i thoroughly enjoyed this book ! it held me mesmerized right until the end even though i did n't really like the way it ended . the characters in this book are wonderful ! i feel like i know skeeter , aibilene and minny . the story is set in the deep south ( jackson , mississippi ) during the sixties- right around kennedy 's assassination and the time of martin luther king . it 's about the integration movement , and how difficult it was for some of the people to accept integration with their negro neighbours . it surely shows the power that some of these white southern women had by the way they could sway an entire community . and it is about a brave young white woman who wants to expose the hypocrisy and the fear that runs rampant in her community . things are definitely changing at this time in history , but it took a little longer for the movement to make any headway in the deep south . a truly heart-warming book that really took me back in time ( and is n't that what a good book is supposed to do ? )
= could n't put it down
< a great book !

> i was expecting slightly better ingredients . i did not expect for the majority of the ingredients to be fillers ; i expected proteins . dogs are omnivores leaning to the carnivore end of the spectrum.the package was shipped in an appropriately sized box and had air pillows to minimize crushing . not receiving dog food dust was nice . i was disappointed in the product packaging itself . there was supposed to be a zippered seal , but the sliding mechanism was missing . now my pantry reeks of dog food.now , the most important part . . . did my dog like beneful ? yes , if i hand fed her or if she were truly hungry . she seemed to prefer the soft bits , digging around the others to eat them first . plus , i have to stay with her while she eats to encourage ( trick ) her into eating . sigh , i have better things to do than beg my dog to eat .
= only ate if hand fed
< my dog like beneful

> i started using the large 3m hooks ( outside of the vine program ) and like them . the medium hooks are good too as they 're also strong . i removed it once and repositioned using another one of the adhesives that came with this package . no problems and no paint removed.i like these hooks , both medium and large sizes , because they function as well as permanently screwed in hooks for typical items . they 're a lot less trouble and damaging than using screws . also , these hooks do n't protrude far from the door.i find it inconvenient for consumers to get this in a 2-pack . after all , if one needs this it is likely one needs a bunch . it would be more efficient to get a larger number of them , apply them all at once and be done with it .
= would be far better to get these in a 12-pack
< good for a 2-pack

> i received a free tube of cotz pediatric in the mail . being that the word `` pediatric '' is part of the name of this product , i assumed that this would be a good sunscreen for my children . my son has some recent scars on his face and i have been applying sunscreen liberally to this area every time he is in the sun to prevent permanent scarring . i used this product on a friday afternoon and noticed some rash by friday evening . saturday morning he woke up with a red itchy rash all over his face ! even two days later , he still has a bit of this rash on his face . interestingly , there is no rash anywhere else and i applied this product only on his face.i will not use this product again .
= glad it was free
< no rash anywhere

> i enjoy a variety of nuts for snacks and cooking . this is definitely more the snack-variety . i liked that the nuts tasted very fresh and had a pleasant aroma when i opened the canister . the canister itself is very convenient and wide enough to reach into for the snack without scraping your knuckles on a rough plastic rim . the pepper flavor is significant , but not overpowering . a good balance . however , i like salty snacks , but found this to be a little too salty , even at the risk of drowning out the flavor of the cashew . if you like very salty , these are good , but if you like mildly salty , steer clear . i ca n't even imagine how the ones on the bottom of the canister would taste .
= very heavy on the salt .
< good , but not great

> a group of navy ships encounter an alien spacecraft intent on doing bad things to the human race . it is up to surviving crew members to save the world . loosely based on the classic board game , this action film contains the requisite noise , explosions , and fight scenes one would expect from a summer blockbuster . do n't take this one too seriously , as there are flaws in the storyline . there is certainly nothing new in this one , as it is another mindless action movie that will appeal to its target audience of young men , who will revel in the excitement and the visuals . this is a movie tailored to fans of the action-adventure genre who do n't want to be challenged intellectually .
= loud and mindless action .
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> gringo bandito hot sauce is a basic hot sauce with no frills added . it has a good amount of heat , which is a great thing . however , i was a little disappointed that it did n't really seem to add much flavor . i will probably tend to use my favorites -- tabasco chipotle sauce and an off brand buffalo sauce . i was torn on whether to give gringo bandito hot sauce 3 stars or 4 stars . i went with 4 stars , because i will use it when i need to add `` heat '' to a sauce or item and do n't need to add extra flavor .
= hot but lacks flavor
< basic hot sauce

> this is a wonderful book . it is told from the point of view of an 15 year old , autistic boy . the mystery has little to do with the incident addressed in the title but it has everything to with christopher sharing with us his view of the world . at times , it can be painful to read as mr. haddon has truly drawn us into the world of the autistic . i can not imagine a better portrayal of this disorder . the book is highly readable and can easily be devoured in a couple of sittings .
= a hit ! ! !
< a wonderful book

> i 'm being nice with my rating . spiderman is an ok and entertaining enough film , but thats it really . there could have been moments of greatness , but then the green goblin showed up ... and then there is kirsten dunst . i found her completely dislikable , therefore , i could n't really get into the whole romantic side of the film . the effects were the greatest part of the movie . as far as plot goes , it really could have been better . there are far more superior comic book films out there .
= not my favorite superhero movie
< ok , but not great

> ratatouille ( two-disc blu-ray/dvd combo ) is an amazing animated movie from the walt disney pictures . the basic storyline is about a rat who has a dream to become a great chef . on his journey to become a great chef he meets the hapless kitchen-boy linguini and the adventure begins . the animation is fantastic and the music is right on . the new short animated extra is hilarious and also educational at the same time . i love it . highly recommended indeed . 5/5 .
= ratatouille ( two-disc blu-ray/dvd combo )
< ratatouille ( two-disc blu-ray/dvd combo )

> i am emotionally destroyed and completely out of tears . this was a devastating story of clay , struggling with mental health issues and maggie , who thought her love could save him.their relationship is all over the map , and your heart slowly breaks as he spirals into the darkness that he ca n't escape.i do n't remember crying this much in a very long time . i am glad to see a sequel for this story . i will hope for a happy ending .
= get a few hundred boxes of tissues and hide the knives .
< emotionally destroyed

> this book is absolutely fantastic . hillenbrand has outdone herself with the story of louie zamperini , an olympic hopeful who becomes a bomber in world war ii , and ends up a japanese pow . there is so much to recommend here ; a truth is stranger than fiction story , a sobering recounting of the second world war , but above all else is the unbreakable spirit of the man who is the centerpiece of the book . a fantastic read .
= one of the best of the year
< a fantastic read

> i was n't going to read the 3rd book . but i broke down because i needed to complete the set . it must be my ocd.i have the same complaints as i did with the other 2 books . the characters just did n't grab me . i did n't particularly like any of the main characters . i got really sick of the detailed description of their clothing . and what is it with every heroine biting her bottom lip ?
= just okay
< not what i expected

> very hearty , tasty cereal . i was amazed at how long it stayed crunchy , particularly the flakes ! seriously , who wants soggy cereal ? ! there were lots of pieces of dehydrated fruit , giving a nice overall berry flavor to it and adding a touch of sweetness without a bunch of sugar or artificial sweeteners . i have really enjoyed all back to nature products and this one definitely met my expectations as far as flavor goes .
= stays crunchy !
< tasty !

> i use energy drinks to get rid of migraines . on that front , no fear is great ! in fact , i can only drink half a can at a time , or i get jitters ( and i 'm fairly immune that type of caffeine effect from drinking a daily red bull ) .i also love the peachy ( or maybe mango ) flavor . this is a drink i really like .
= tastes great and really packs a punch !
< great energy drink !

> that 's right . these scissors so far outdo any other i 've ever had , i could easily cut myself or anything near . the handles are soft and perfectly shaped to fit securely in the hand . and sharp would be a understatement . in other words , if you want a good , sharp , cutting tool that fits in the hand securely and comfortably , this is the one .
= careful ... .
< i love these scissors

> my wife liked this a lot . believe it or not , she 's new to tampons . this one was comfortable and very good for the heavy days . the added fresh scent was neither good or bad , but was welcomed.if you need the super model , she said this is very comfortable and she 'll buy it again .
= excellent
< comfortable

> whoa , what a stinker.the film is very looonnngggg . in reality , it is only 2 hrs , but to the viewer that 120 min is an eternity . blind girl in the woods ? why ? incidentally , i watched this right after anacondas 2 and that film was far superior to this one.go figure .
= death by boredom
< what a movie

> sad to see such unkind reviews . i truly loved this book and could hardly put it down . now it might not be for everyone but i really enjoyed the characters and story . and many of my friends are reading along side me and we have been enjoying discussing the book so much .
= loved it
< loved it !

> these boxes worked great for moving my office supplies from one floor to another . they are sturdy and i like how easily they go together and also break down for future use . you could easily use these boxes over and over again without ruining them by the buckling . love them !
= very sturdy !
< great for my office supplies

> this is great if you work -out . this will not leave you feeling awkward after a run . this has a great scent and leaves you refresh . feels great to put on after the shower . just like an eye opener in the morning as well . great product .
= work out
< great product

> gets into pores and cleans them out . leaves a soothing feeling rather than the burn i expected . this will help prevent acne . over time my face became less oily . the scent is great - cucumber , tea extract , grape seed extract and other botanical extracts .
= cleans out pores without residual burn
< great scent

> having my grandson over every weekend i thought i would give this product a try . very glad i did he really likes it and it so easy to serve and dispose of the packaging . he really seems satisfied and full after eating .
= nice and convenient
< great product

> this movie is so hilarious . great for adults and kids . i loved the ending the most when all of walt disney world dances . oh what fun ! ! ! i love this film and i am not even a kid .
= ogre and donkey
< hilarious

> the sullivan series is so darn addicting . i loved rafe and brookes book . there was a little drama at the end but it was nicely done . cant wait for more .
= loved it !
< loved it

> not at all being one for the comic book fantasies that continue to flood the screens and gobble the dollars , camouflage weak scripts with tacky overblown computer graphics , introduce bizarre meanies and barely clothed wonder women , etc , i approached this batman begins with a big bag of prejudices . and in no time at all that bag of unjustified prejudices began to fill with applause for a truly fine film that carries style , wit , character , and enough dazzle to please everyone . this is a surprising good movie ! it takes courage to move a larger than life fantasy hero into the realm of humans who through reasons of their own feel the need to become superheroes to the down and outers of the world . watching the early life of batman as produced and trained and stimulated by believable characters makes the non-believer want to return to the earlier forays into the genre . so very much of the success of this film lies in the hands of a brilliant cast : christian bale ( once again a hunk after his pathetically shriveled body in 'the machinist ' ) , liam neeson , michael caine , linus roache , morgan freeman , tom wilkinson , gary oldman , cillian murphy and yes , even katie holmes ( ! ) all master the tightrope of parody , serious drama , and comedy . the costumes and cinematography are exciting and the direction by christopher nolan is pitch perfect.it is good to have a dusty old bag of prejudices fall apart . maybe there will be more action hero movies that take themselves seriously as an art form ! grady harp , october 05
= a comic book hero transformed into a credible hero
< a good !

> i did n't look at the price for this but i would n't give $ 5 for it . it is a large mug that feels like plastic & does not keep the tea hot for very long . my ceramic mugs & corelle mugs keep my tea hot twice as long . the green lid is very flexable so good for squeezing the tea bag but that 's the only part i liked & i like tupperwares tea bag squeezer better as it not only squeezes the excess flavor out but gives you a place to lay the tea bag , this does not because if you use the lid to hold the tea bag then you ca n't use the lid at the same time to hold the steam in . it 's what the mug is made of that makes it cool off fsater.update : i was using this for a cup of tea , i had finished the tea and when i went to reach for something my arm knocked it over , it just tipped over on the wood table it was on , it did n't fall to the floor or hit anything else and it broke , just that easily ... . i 'm guessing if you took another mug and hit it lightly with this it would break . only the lid is worth having , i use it to put on top of full cups of tea as i walk into another room and set it down , keeps it from spilling & it keeps it hot longer but when you remove it it has hot dripping water on it so be careful .
= glass mug tea bag buddy
< i like it

> the nutrition quality on this food is n't good enough that i would be happy actually feeding it to my dog as her primary food source . she does seem to like it , though , so i 've been giving it to her a little at a time as a snack when i need her to eat just a little bit of something . since it 's different from what she usually gets , she seems to think of it more as a treat and she 'll munch on it when she might ignore her regular food.the way it 's packaged is nice , particularly due to the resealable zipper.in short , if i were actually treating this as a primary part of a dog 's diet , it would be two stars at most . as an addition to my dog 's diet in small quantities , she 's willing to eat it in spite of being very very picky , so i 'll bump it up to three.if you 're actually looking for a primary food for your dog , on the other hand , i would definitely suggest looking for something that does n't have corn as its first ingredient , doubly so if there 's any sign your dog might have an allergy ( skin irritations , frequent ear infections , that kind of thing ) .
= not great , but serves as a snack
< dog likes it , but not a good way

> sam mendes made his masterpiece to date following carefully the path of golden directors . think in billy wilder to be exact.watch for the opening sequence . the camera is a butterfly who sets us in perspective with the voice in off introducing us to the center of the drama.in this sense i inmediatly reminded sunset boulevard , but this secret homagge to that giant film is not a sin.the script is amazing . it bretahes and allows laughing situations with spacey and about him , beside the awful emotional crossroad he lives.andre maurois told once : there 's an age dramatic for the man , in which he is capable to raise the passion in a woman but not satisfying her *.and this idea is involved in this film . rapture images as the famous roses bed and the face of the teenager angela hayes ( mena suwari ) who plays the role of femme fatale , superb performance of anette bening and above all , the development of the secondary drama of the troubled officer , makes this film as the best dramatic film in many years ; and that means a great hope for those film makers who seem think that the special effects are fundamental in every film.and this film is the best proof to deny that false premise !
= in the great tradition of the authentic artistic films
< the best film of the year !

> anyone who has seen the kill bill movies can understand tarrantino 's style . this one has a series of stories , some of them related and most of them with john travolta . one of my favorites involves travolta and samuel l jackson who shoot a guy in their car . they need to clean themselves up and get rid of the `` mess . '' enter harvey keitel as a take charge kind of guy who approaches the problem like a swat team giving everybody orders of what to do , how to do it , and how long each step will take.another tale involves bruce willis trying to guard a watch that was handed down from his grandfather to his father and then preserved by his father 's friend ( christopher walken ) in his rectum during internment at a pow camp . willis trying to get the watch back gets into a big fight with a crime boss and while they are fighting they are captured by sex fiends for torturous games.the movie breaks all rules and like blue velvet , is like no other movie i have seen before . i have seen the movie 4 times and seem to pick up something new about it each time i see it .
= different but great !
< rules and like

> when i ordered the garden pack to try out from the vine program , i had n't realized that it was a variety pack . it comes with two bags each of six different teas : * broccoli cilantro* carrot curry* spinach chive* fennel spice* tomato mint* beet cabbagethis was my first time trying savory teas like this , and they were mostly hit and miss for me . my favorites were beet cabbage and tomato mint since they were on the sweeter side . since i do n't like black licorice , my least favorite was the fennel spice.the box says that you can use these not just to drink , but also to cook noodles or rice . i will probably use up the rest of my box that way since i hate throwing things out.i 've bought one other box of numi teas before , and really like the brand overall . their teas are usda organic , non-gmo , and come in biodegradable bags.overall , though , these -- excuse the pun -- are n't my cup of tea . i much prefer sweeter flavors , and these just tasted `` off '' to me .
= interesting flavors , but not really my `` cup of tea ''
< not my cup of tea

> million dollar baby is a heartfelt and thought-provoking film that stars hilary swank , clint eastwood , and morgan freeman . the picture and audio quality are great in this release . the picture quality is identical to the 2006 blu-ray release but the audio quality has been improved . there is 83 minutes of total bonus content plus an audio commentary . the 10th anniversary edition includes all the previously released supplements but adds two new extras ( the audio commentary and on the ropes featurette ) . my only complaint is that the new supplements are fairly bland.video resolution/codec : 1080p/vc-1 | aspect ratio : 2.40:1audio formats : english dts-hd master audio 5.1 surround , spanish dolby digital 2.0subtitles/captions : english sdh , french subtitles , spanish subtitlesspecial features : audio commentary by producer albert ruddy ( new ) million dollar baby : on the ropes ( new ) james lipton takes on threeborn to fightproducers round 15theatrical trailerbuy this blu-ray . fans may not need to upgrade unless they desire the superior audio experience in this release .
= million dollar baby ( 10th anniversary ) on blu-ray
< million dollar baby

> i prefer roasted almonds with salt , but this product comes with a coat of dark chocolate . dark chocolates are not as tasty as milk chocolates , but health conscious consumers could derive some benefit . published scientific reports suggest dark chocolate has the ability to lower high blood pressure , and it is also known to be a potent antioxidant . high vitamin e content , low trans fat and low sodium are additional factors for health savvy consumers . the product comes in a nice canister and the twist-on lid locks in the freshness.1 . diamond whole almonds , 6-ounce bags ( pack of 4 ) 2. jordan almonds white3 . marcona almonds sauteed in oil - 1 kilo4 . marcona almonds5 . spanish marcona almonds - fried and salted6 . sunridge farms organic raw supreme almonds , 7-ounce bags ( pack of 6 ) 7. planters nut-rition almonds , lightly salted , 10.25-ounce cans ( pack of 3 )
= almonds covered with dark chocolate
< jordan almonds with salt

> wow this was a great story . way better than i thought . i sam and leo are hot together . steamy scenes with leo nash ... yes please . `` just rock with me baby '' ... oh hell yeah . how could sam resist . i was happy to see her let down her walls in this book . i loved that leo was a bad boy tatted up rocker with the most amazing heart and only had eyes for sam . i love that sam was so cool with his lifestyle even though she had her own personal struggles with her past experiences with that type of lifestyle . its just a fun loving book with lots of great characters . man i wish i could find me a leo nash ! ! ! ahh ... guess i know what i will be dreaming of tonight ... or shall i say who ? !
= rocker , tattooed and a heart of effing gold. ,
< great story

> our child-like protagonist returns , as does blomkvist and company ... ..the last in the trilogy moves between salander , berger and blomkvist as they attempt to bring down the corrupt entities operating withing sweden 's secret police . but the story , in excess of 400 pages , drags on entirely too slowly and loses itself in too much `` secret police '' detail . and although the salander and blomkvist portions keep the reader interested , there is too much `` filler '' in between ... making for a tale that move 's at a snail 's pace . fans of the series will want to find closure in this tale ... .but many will likely be disappointed in the third installment..especially after the fast-paced second story . read it if you must , but if you do n't you wo n't be missing much .
= wayyyy too slow for me ... ... ... ...
< a fast-paced second story

> fantastic four , brings to the screen exactly what the title implies : the story of the classic marvel comics heroes ( and it 's about time too ... ) .i have to admit that i did not know what to expect from the film , but as it turns out it was a pleasant and entertaining movie.in short , the acting is above average , the special effects are excellent , and the plot is a pretty good one.strangely , throughout the movie jessica alba kept reminding me of angelina jolie ( in any case , wow ... ) .in a nutshell , far from being a masterpiece , fantastic four will provide for an evening 's entertainment , though you might want to stop short of buying it unless you are major fans . let 's hope the sequel will be better . 3 stars
= though not a masterpiece , a movie worth watching !
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> i make apple chips from time to time , but it 's certainly a time intensive process to make them in the oven myself . these peeled snacks organic apple clusters taste a lot like my homemade apple cinnamon apple chips . my kids love them ( although i would be careful about giving them to toddlers or young children due to potential choking risks - they 're small , hard clusters about the size of a large blueberry . ) i enjoyed just snacking on them plain , but i also think they 'd be delicious as a mix-in to yogurt or ice cream . the ingredients are simple : apple , apple juice concentrate , potato starch , cinnamon . the ingredients are all organic and it is a gluten-free snack . 60 calories per serving ( 4 servings per bag ) .
= yummy snack
< a tasty snack

> ms. ashley has a way of writing that i thoroughly enjoy . this book picks up where the proposition left off , and thank god i waited till this book came out before i began book one . i would never have been able to wait after being left at the cliffs edge . with that said , i loved the way we got to watch as emma and aidan struggle to stay together . had emma not been carrying their child , i 'm not so sure they would have made such efforts , but i 'm so glad they did . i really loved these characters and routed for them the entire time . very emotionally charged book with some amazingly hot , steamy love scenes . will be looking to this author for more books going forward .
= loved this book as much as the proposition
< a must read !

> the ocean at the end of the lane has been hyped as a novel for adults . having read a number of neil gaiman 's previous books , my first thought was ... adults ? this book does n't deal with any & # 34 ; adult & # 34 ; themes that would keep the book from being placed in the young adults section of any public library . it 's a haunting tale of adversary and adventure , with unique characters and descriptive prose . in other words , it 's a neil gaiman product ! at 178 pages , this tale is a long short-story , or a short novel . it wo n't take too long to read . if you 've enjoyed other works by gaiman , you should enjoy this one as well .
= subtle , haunting ... definitely a neil gaiman product !
< a haunting tale of adversary and adventure

> this book was fantastic . i laughed so much . the stuff kendall would rant about just cracked me up . cruise and kenny were a great couple and i really enjoyed this book . the thing that i did n't like was the fact that nobody seemed to talk to each other ... lauren and ally did n't tell kendall about blair . kendal did n't tell cruise about her art class bitchy friend blair . cruise did n't tell kendall about his psycho ex blair . kendall did n't tell cruise about her friends request to seduce his best friend . just a whole lot of stuff that kind of annoyed me but not enough to make me dislike the book . quite the opposite i loved the book .
= this book was great
< loved it !

> all too often we forget - or simply fail to remember - that the holocaust could not have happened without the acquiescence , outright complicity or willful ignorance of tens of thousands of non-jewish europeans.sarah 's keyis a careful examination of the 1942 roundup and deportation to auschwitz of the jews of paris by the french police , a roundup that but a handful survived - a roundup for which the government of france refused all responsibility for more than 50 years.tatiana de rosnay has crafted a well written , riveting account that readers will find hard to put down . easily the equal ofthe devil 's arithmetic , sarah 's keyis very suitable for the classroom . middle school and up .
= riveting examination of the rafle du vel ' d'hiv '
< a well written , riveting account

> we have a 15 year old , 10 pound , miniature fox terrier . i was delighted to see that this product is made in the us however the product is not recommended for her size . i cut one of the treats to a bite size and she enjoyed chewing it very much but i will only give her a bite a day . fyi i saw this psa from purina on this product : `` we 'd like to let you know that our smoky jerky treats are made right here in the united states with chicken sourced exclusively in the u.s. from a single , trusted chicken supplier . '' - the waggin ' train brand .
= not for dogs under 11 pounds
< the waggin ' train brand

> first a caveat : i did not finish this book . normally , i 'll give a book at least a hundred pages to hook me before giving up on it . in this case , because i really wanted to like `` the historian , '' i gave it almost two hundred pages before giving up . eventually the slow pace , the coincidences , and the so-so writing style just piled up too high , and i put it back on the shelf . the novel 's premise sounded great , but the author just did n't deliver , at least not enough to engage me enough to read the entire book .
= did n't finish it
< not what i expected

> in 1999 everybody raved about the sixth sense . the 'shock ' ending that nobody saw coming . i quite liked it in 1999 , but subsequent viewings have left me disappointed with the film . it 's just very boring to watch now . i am not a shimalayman fan either which does n't help matters . ghost themes were handled more effectively in & quot ; stir of echoes & quot ; and & quot ; the others & quot ; .the sixth sense is a dvd to rent only .
= i no longer like this film
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> dogs come running for these treats ! who let the dogs out.. they will run back for a taste of these ! waggin ' train jerky duos dog treats , made with real chicken & sweet potatoes , 3 ouncegood value and easy to treat your dog without mess.i have two pure bred black german sheperds over 100 lbs each that love to jump and play and they adore these little easy to store and carry treats when we 're out running together or just in training session with me .
= who let the dogs out ?
< dogs love these !

> this book was recommended from one of the blogs i follow on facebook . i am so glad i purchased this book ! it is very well written and it drew me right in ! ! i knew that it was going to be a trilogy but i was very happy to see that the first book did n't leave anything unsettled . i plan on recommending this book to everyone i know ! ! !
= loved this book !
< a must read ! !

> this sunscreen cools the skin as you rub it in . that sure feels good on a hot summer day ! it absorbs into the skin quickly and completely . it is non-greasy . i like that this sunscreen is water resistant ( for up to 80 minutes ) . this makes it a great choice for outdoor sports in the summer.i really , really like the fruity fragrance of this sunscreen !
= cools when applied
< great sunscreen !

> wow this was really good from start to finish . it had me in different emotions . at first i could n't decide if i wanted to be team evan or team dane . then it just hit me i was so team dane . hope that in book 2 , who laney decided to be with it does not change . cant wait for the next book to this series .
= i want my own dane ! !
< wow

> i enjoyed toxic as much as i did reading ruin . gabe story was very surprising to me . alot of secrets he is hiding . you ca n't help but feel for him . saylor is his perfect counter part . i do n't want to give anything away so i 'll just say this , if you enjoyed ruin you will enjoy toxic . read it !
= gabe and saylor
< toxic

> i 'm never quite sure what to clean some of my electronic products with , and this little eraser is just what i needed . it really does a good job , and is a handy size . like other reviewers have mentioned , i wish there was a case to store it in . i definitely will recommend this to family & friends .
= it works !
< great product

> i 've been wanting to try this product since i have curly and frizzy hair . i 'm always looking for a way to get more nourishment into my hair , especially during the hot summer months , and this was just what i was looking for . works great , my hair is softer and smoother and it also smells amazing !
= love it ! ~
< works great !

> first i want to say wonderful book and i am so happy for walking disaster as i was unsure of the ending in the first book and i was hoping i would get that ending i was looking for but not only was there ending it was better than i imagined . plus i love the two sides to each story .
= great second book
< love the two sides

> fast-paced action thriller that touches on a topic that is frightening for any parent . liam neeson plays a former government agent whose teenage daughter is abducted while in paris with a friend . he relies on his old skills to try to rescue his daughter and seek revenge on the criminals who kidnapped her .
= fast-paced action thriller
< fast-paced action thriller

> i totally love these biker books and this one was just as good as the first two in the series . not an easy , flowery kind of book but a hard , intense one that has a hea ! i want more ...
= bikers & # 128077 ;
< love these biker books !

> i loved this book ! ms. sivec , i will forever read anything you write ! ! this was a great story , with lots of twists and turns and a fabulous love story . ca n't wait for the next book .
= bravo ms. sivec !
< loved it ! ! !

> i loved this series of the moreno brother . i just wish there were more of them to read . i read the whole series and loved it ! ! ! ! hop you enjoy it wa much as i did ! !
= loved this ! ! !
< loved it ! ! !

> not only does the design has no need for more paper to be pulled off to show the adhesive , but it also gives the envelope just a little more height to easily put inside it a document .
= two birds with one stone
< great design

> when i got this i wondered how well it would work as compared to the `` magic eraser '' foam cleaning pads that i normally use when i am cleaning my white boards . it works every bit as well because i think that the white portion of this eraser is actually made of the same stuff . i ca n't be 100 % sure but they feel and act a lot alike . the directions even say for stubborn stains to wet this just like you would the magic eraser . when doing the wet cleaning , i do have to finish with a paper towel just to get the extra residue but other than that it 's pretty good results.the advantage to this product over just buying a bunch of magic erasers is that this is 2x larger than the small magic eraser rectangles , and it has the blue sponge gripper portion to hang on to without having your fingers drag along the surface as well when cleaning . also the shape is nice for fitting in ones hand . the magic erasers without the blue handle thing attached will tend to `` compact '' more with use so i think this one with the extra blue part should last longer , or that is my impression anyway.as far as cleaning goes - it cleans as well as anything but it is n't perfect . i have yet to find anything that is so that is why i give it 5 stars . i still have `` ghost '' images on my white board but nothing i have ever found has ever taken them out so i 'm not going to hold that against this product , since i do n't think there is anything that exists that will take them out .
= very generous size , works as well as those 'magic erasers ' .
< works well , but not perfect

> i 've read all the books and bought the movies on dvd and loved every moment . j.k rowlings ' incredibly triumphant harry potter books have captured the imaginations of young readers around the world , and no . 6 in the series , harry potter and the half boold prince is the best story so far . ever since the books began their hugely successful roller coaster ride into movie adaptation , it has become evident that this series of adventures is very unique , tapping into young kids ' need for written fantasy while simultaneously providing a high-quality read for those who are older in tooth . voldemort and his followers , the death eaters , are out in the open now , so much so that rufus scrimgeour , the new minister of magic , feels it necessary to inform the muggle prime minister . snape is up to no good , draco has been given an assignment by the dark lord , and a net of security has dropped on hogwarts . deaths , disappearances , and destruction increase as harry 's penultimate year at hogwarts begins . a darker tone , twists and turns plus a surprising and poignant death sees the story move forward in terms of character development . however despite defining this as more of a mature reader book , there still remains a fantastic sense of excitement and adventure for the kids . a harry potter fan from the beginning , this is my favorite book , to say too much would spoil the surprises , but rest assured , half-blood prince is an exciting adventure that thrills at the turn of every page . it goes without saying that this will make a great film in 2008.daniel ross
= the best book in the harry potter series
< the best of the series

> i was wondering how my dogs would like purina beneful after they had feasted on the 'elite ' dog food of the day before . i thought would they think they are having a hamburger now and be upset because yesterday they had steak . well , let 's see . my dogs are nosey and always come running when they hear you opening a bag , somehow they know it has something in it for them . the food looked good and did n't have a bad smell . some dog food will knock you out with the ugly smell they produce . i made up their bowls and also did some bowls with their normal food and set them down . they sniffed at first and gave me the look . i suppose they were wondering where that steak tasting food was that they had had the day before . however , one of them finally took a few bites , than another and than another . the other dogs looked at them and ran over to their bowls and began to eat as well . they finished all the bowls and left their usual food sitting there . hum ... ..they seemed to like it , not love it but like it . i 'm not sure if i would change from the food i give them now to this one . it usually takes about a month to see if they will continue to eat a dog food , so we 'll have to see . i 'd say they liked it but better than their usual - well we 'll have to wait and see .
= dogs liked it
< my dogs liked it , not so much

> beautiful creatures , what immortals call the mortals who believe that they can change everything.ethan is an everyday boy living in an everyday small town where nothing is ever changing and no one ever leaves . until he starts having dreams about a girl he had never met , and a month later she shows up in his life.the book is a love story like a lot of the other young adult stories out there . beautiful creature is a lot like twilight and hush hush with mystical creatures falling in love with a mortal . beautiful creatures is narrated by ethan a sixteen year old boy who falls in love with lena . lena is different then you normal girl and ethan soon finds out exactly what lena , the girl of his dreams , really is . and , when he does , his whole life begins to change . his everyday town that he thought he knew everything about has secrets that he did n't even know about.i really enjoyed the book , i found myself getting lost in the story . you find yourself despising mrs. lincoln and rooting for lena and ethan 's relationship even though everyone is against it . and throughout the whole book you keep wondering what will happen on lena 's sixteenth birthday.the ending leaves me with questions , is there something now going to happen on lena 's 17th birthday ? and , why did n't lena 's name change like all the rest of her family members ? i am ready for the second one and i hope it answers all my questions !
= beautifully written
< love lena and lena

> for fans of the harry potter series , the latest film is simply a joy . a more mature and confident teenage harry starts off the action by `` inflating '' his nasty aunt and running away from home . he joins best friends and fellow third-years ron and hermione at hogwarts school , but there is danger in the air : a prisoner has escaped from azkaban prison and is believed to be after harry ! the three lead actors are growing up and have become quite comfortable in their roles . they are the heart of the movie and are a pleasure to watch . three well-known character actors join the cast : david thewlis is the tortured professor lupin , gary oldman is the mysterious prisoner , and emma thompson is the eccentric professor trelawny . each is wonderful and adds depth to the film.the world of hogwarts is photographed mainly in sepia tones that fit perfectly with the intense and brooding tone of the movie . fans of the book will find many plot details have been omitted due to time constraints , but the core story of harry growing up is strong and rich . there are many funny moments , some poignant ones , and some that will give you a start , although there is nothing really scary . kudos to the director and screenwriter for bringing the book to life in such a satisfying way . muggles of all ages will be delighted with the prisoner of azkaban and will be cheering for harry in the just-right ending !
= harry grows up
< a great film

> in a rare case when the sequel is better than its predecessor , the dark knight is also the best movie out of the entire batman franchise , which is no easy feat . the acting in this film is superb , the cast incredibly well picked out , the script is intelligent , and the art direction is breathtaking.the two qualms i had withbatman beginswere the casting of katie holmes as rachel and the fact that the dialogue felt forced and comic book-like . those two problems have been solved in the dark knight with the recasting of the part of rachel - now given to the arguably less attractive , but much more talented actress maggie gyllenhaal and the dialogue contains less soundbites and is much closer to what real people would say in similar situations.cinematically , the special effects , stunts , cinematography , and all visual and audio effects are exceptional and far more stunning than one would ever hope for from a summer blockbuster . the dark knight is an incredibly intense film , with multiple complex storylines , several villains , several heroes , and no mistakes of any kind . it 's truly an artistic achievement . this is the way that movies should be and it 's a shame that the public generally accepts something much , much less entertaining from hollywood . the dark knight demands repeated viewings and not simply as a homage to heath ledger - this movies deserves to be seen on a huge screen and experienced over and over again .
= unbelievably incredible cinematic achievement of the year
< the best movie out of the entire batman

> after finally seeing this movie , i think brandon routh was unjustly raked across the coals . i thought he did a good job as kent/superman-mainly because he was seriously channeling reeve 's performance . as far as lois , bosworth was a little on the young side and she did n't bring anything unique to her character , but her performance did n't turn me off either . the film did bite off a little too much from the first superman and when it did it one too many times i was irritated . the plot ... well , all right i did n't understand the master plot . but lex luther and his henchmen obviously were the inspiration to such cartoons like pinky and the brain . what are we going to do tomorrow ? take over the world . speaking of not bringing anything new to the table what happened to spacey ? he used to bring such chrisma and presence to the screen . now it seems like he plays all his characters the same.the main problem with bringing superman to the table now is ... well , we already get our superman fix in smallville-which is a pretty darn good show , by the way . so when i saw the trailer for the movie i did n't want to see it . i like following my weekly soap from the wb.so what do we have ? a few miscasting and a m.i.a . plot . and still i was entertained . go figure .
= better than i was led to believe
< good show , but not great

> i started reading michael connelly 's work in chronological order 4 months ago . connelly almost always carries characters , places , events , etc . from earlier books to latter ones . so , i was very surprised when i read lincoln lawyer and there was no cross over whatsoever . i really missed the linkages to earlier works . i had n't realized how much the cross over adds to the story.connelly most often writes from the perspective of a law enforcement officer . this is his first work where an attorney is the main character . michael haller is a defense attorney working the system and just getting by . as you get to know haller , you learn he is twice divorced , does n't see much of his daughter , the clients he represents are generally guilty , and he is a master manipulator of the system . haller is hired by a wealthy man accused of beating a prostitute and threatening to rape and kill her . this client turns out to be unlike any client haller has ever represented . as the plot twisted and turned , it reminded me a lot of early john grisham books.definitely a different type of work for connelly . i understand they are making a movie out of lincoln lawyer and it should be a good one just like the book .
= very grisham-like storyline
< connelly 's best

> this is a very smooth razor that glides easily across my face without pulling the skin . the blades are extremely sharp and provide a close , nick-free shave . the razor itself is designed to fit comfortably in the hand . blade cartridges are easy to remove and load -- just applying slight pressure to two catches does the trick.for many years i used an electric shaver , but decided to try this product offered through amazon 's vine program . i did n't expect much and figured my skin would n't take well to this kind of razor since it had been used to the electric kind . much to my surprise , i found that the schick hydro 5 gave a perfect first shave and several perfect shaves thereafter.i am a convert ! i have decided to stay with this shaver for everyday use . it takes less time to shave than it did with my remington electric . a complete shave takes about three minutes ( but then i do n't have heavy beard growth ) . men with thicker stubble will probably take longer . in short , i recommend this product enthusiastically . it 's one of the best products i 've tested for amazon vine .
= outstanding in every way
< smooth and sharp

> warning : this is an extremely short book you can read in about 45 minutes . i 'm hooked on this series so i guess paying $ 3 for 45 minutes of enjoyment is acceptable , but book # 4 is n't all that great . avery is demoted & ends up going on a date ( no sex ) with a guy named henry . it is a business date & avery needs to help henry get a business deal with ... sean ! pretty awkward . sean traps avery in the bathroom & thank god , avery finally lets him have it for all of the heartache he has caused her ! sean tries to return her call-girl earnings but avery wo n't accept the money since she is in love with sean & it makes her feel even more cheap than she already feels . sean can not admit his true feelings for avery but then , actions always speak louder than words , & he puts himself directly in the line of danger to protect her . ends on a major cliffhanger ! but i only give this book 3 stars because there is absolutely no action in it to speak of .
= avery & sean
< short but awkward

> i really loved the sound of this book ( and the cover ) and based on all those 5 star reviews i picked it up . it was a pretty good story with a very hot and tough male lead ( carter ) but oh my holy hell ... emma . one of the most annoying leading ladies in a while : her constant crying and fainting and stubborn , childish refusals to do what she is told for her own safety got on my nerves . while the plotlines were interesting for the most part , the constant ups and downs and just when you think it 's all ok , something else happens and i felt like `` here we go again '' . we all should have some hot , sexy protector who will do anything for you in our lives , but at times the childish behavior of the females in this book made me lose interest . i finished it because i wanted to know how it ended but it was just missing something . gave it 4 stars because it was good enough even with the few annoyances = )
= carter reed ( the man ) was awesome
< pretty good

> this just was n't good . i made it one night as directed and did n't add any other seasoning and it was very bland and basic tasting . even the usual guilty pleasure that is velveeta cheese was n't all that great . the broccoli was completely nonexistent other than a few brown specs . i do n't understand the point of this really . a one pot meal perhaps ? you could take the regular veletta mac & cheese and make the same thing by adding your chicken and maybe your own broccoli and it would taste better . the directions are just different for this than the box of mac & cheese and it does n't taste as good . or make your mac & cheese and chicken with broccoli on the side . admittedly i 'm not a fan of these type of meals in the first place , but i could see buying it if it actually tasted decent . completely uninspired and has very little flavor . it 's also mostly bad for you and not worth the calories and sodium .
= bland
< not good

> i should begin by saying this little set is not a bad idea in and of itself . heck , this is hardly the first time anyone has introduced a seed kit to the populace and miracle-gro is a brand i highly respect . so little seedpods in their individual biodegradable containers with food ready-to-go should have been a hit , right ? yet i found myself , even while planting them , thinking `` why ? `` the plants grew about as well as i could hope for , but i could see no difference between them and more traditionally-sewn plants , nor was the containers significantly more convenient . the same amount of energy and work goes to setting these up than any other seedling or seen , and this kit just costs so darn much.i think i was just excited by the fancy setup , but when all was said and done i would rather go the old-fashioned route . kind of fun , perhaps a good gift idea , but not how i would support my gardening full-time .
= i considered it gimicky after the fact
< not a bad idea , but ...

> on the planet pandora , a mega-corporation and its military lackeys are preparing to blast the indigenous na'vi in order to gain access to a valuable mineral . in a last ditch effort to resolve the situation peacefully , genetically designed replicas of the natives are linked to the minds of human operators and sent into the wilderness to broker an agreement . the stage is set for a cataclysmic clash of cultures.writer / director james cameron has delivered big time with his first fiction film in ten years , which breaks new ground technically while telling a compelling and moving story . no one injects human drama into special effects extravaganzas more effectively than cameron . here , he indulges a fetish for technology that would shame tom clancy and juxtaposes it with a fascinating alien ecology and a noble race of arboreal aborigines . thankfully , he avoids heavy-handed messages with a tight focus on character , some incredible action sequences , and absolutely jaw-dropping visuals . i hope it is n't another decade before cameron 's next film .
= a new cameron classic
< the best of the series

> hit by an uninsured speeder in the middle of last year . i was hospitalized overnight for major concussion . i was fuzzy headed and suffered from tinnitus and confusion for several weeks . coming out of it completely has been a slow process.this magtien supplement was especially interesting to me because of its ability to cross the blood brain barrier . i have read a lot of information and studies about the supplement and it was one of those no-brainers ... ha ... for me to try . have i noticed any amazing differences ? well , mensa has n't started dialing my phone and begging me to join . however , whether placebo effect or not , i do n't know but i do feel sharper and like i am sleeping better.anecdotal success at this point is truly questionable . but i love jarrow products and , based on the science , i feel good about giving my brain a hand-up toward 100 % recovery .
= post concussion
< i

> there is not much more i can add to the numerous reviews this book has already received except to say that i loved the book and thought that it was for the most part an original story and was very pleased with how the story progressed and ended.as original as the story was , i did find that there were some predictable plot points , but these did n't detract from the story in any way . also , i believe that i read another review in which the reviewer indicated that this was more of a book for kids and pre-teens . while i do n't agree with that , i do think that written a slightly different way ( taking out the minor sexual content ) that yes , this could have been a very good book for kids . nothing wrong with that . i 'll give this one a 4 1/2 star rating .
= original ...
< a good read for kids and pre-teens

> it 's just okay . i do n't dislike it , but i do n't love it . i like the idea of mio . it 's easy to carry in my purse so i can use it to flavor my water at work . it 's much handier than the little powder packets and you can add as much flavor as you want . not to mention , you do n't have the powder flying up in your face when you pour it . it 's easy to control . it wo n't leak out when you tip the bottle . you have to squeeze for any liquid to come out . i heard that fruit punch is the best flavor and may try it sometime . i like mio because flavoring my water gets me to drink more water and mio contains 0 calories .
= it 's okay
< it 's okay

> i thought this would be a nice compromise between what i like for dinner , good chicken and pasta with veggies , and what my son likes , anything resembling macaroni and cheese . the cheese sauce was creamy with a balanced flavor , but i had to add extra chicken pieces ( good thing i was using pre-cooked rotisserie ) to get a goood cheese to pasta/chicken ratio . without the extra chicken this would have been too cheesy for my taste.my biggest disappointment was the `` broccoli '' that in the end looked like big parsley flakes rather than broccoli . although the prep was easy and relatively quick , i was reminded why i like my own quick recipes that allow me to have real vegetables of recognizable pieces and real cheese which i personally prefer to velveeta.would not buy again .
= definitely cheesy ... just okay for me
< not bad , but not great

> mr. z 's premium beef jerky ( teriyaki flavor ) is , well , beef jerky . other than being `` premium beef jerky , '' `` grass-fed beef , '' and `` packaged under brazilian government inspection , '' it pretty much tastes like teriyaki-flavored beef jerky . it was a bit moist , and on the tender ( as opposed to chewy ) side.i normally make my own jerky , with zero added sugar . this was sweet , as you would expect when sugar is the third ingredient following beef and water.many 4 ounce packages of jerky have some bigfoot-sized pieces . not so with mr. z. almost all the pieces were bite-sized.so ... mr. z 's premium beef jerky is pleasant , not spectacular , but you 'll certainly recognize it for what it is !
= well , it 's jerky !
< sweet , but not spectacular

> i seem to be in the minority here , but i do n't like the scent . i usually purchase scent free products , but thought i would give this a chance . when i opened the bottle and took a quick whiff , i started sneezing . after washing my towels with it , a strong scent remained in my laundry room . using my towels days later , i could still smell the gernanium scent . i wish it had more of a vanilla scent , not the strong geranium . i really do n't think geraniums are a fragrant flower , on the plus side : this product cleans well , and i had no leaking in the package when i received it .
= very strong scent !
< i do n't like the scent

> i 'm not a sardine maven , but i enjoy an occasional sardine , and these are as good as any i have had . they are small and firm for canned fish , with a rich , distinct but not overpowering fishy flavor , plus a light flavor from the smoke and the olive oil . i had them on salted crackers and enjoyed them quite a bit.my family , on the other hand , was horrified . they do n't enjoy seeing or smelling sardines , and these are sardines . good ones , but if you 're not into it , you wo n't like these either . ; - ) strongly ecommended for fans of sardines , or for the canned-fish-curious .
= nothing not to like ( except sardines , if you roll that way )
< good , but not great

> this is an ok sauce . the sauce is creamy and a bit `` tangy '' in my opinion . i did enjoy the sauce but i prefer regular hot sauce on my tacos . you can put this sauce on your tacos , fajitas , pretty much anything you feel like . it works better on tacos when there are vegetables in the taco . i would buy a bottle to try first if you do n't feel like committing to a case . i ca n't find fault with it , just that it 's not what i would choose first for my mexican food .
= tangy but not spicy
< ok sauce

> tastes like water , great shaped bottle and energy without drinking coffee or energy drinks ( which i drink a lot ) .i am pregnant right now but still need some caffeine and this water might give me a little kick i need in the afternoon . energy drinks usually have additional stuff or sweeteners i don ; t want to use right now so this is great solution . also i don ; t have to drink the whole bottle , just as much as i need .
= love it .
< great for energy drinks

> i like the fact that this product is small , yet makes up to 6 cups , but i had an issue making good tasting coffee with it . it could be that i did n't follow well the entire process . let 's face it , making good coffee is a bit of a science , but was hoping that technology could alleviate the process . never the less , for the cost , i recommend this if you are looking for an affordable press .
= some issues with it
< good press

> we have two young children ( 1 1/2 and 3 1/2 ) so i thought this sunscreen would be good because it is made for sensitive skin . although the sunscreen was effective for us ( both in preventing burning and not irritating the skin ) , and it was pleasant to apply ( not greasy , thin , no strong smell ) , it is not worth the expensive price for our family when there are other comparable options at a cheaper price .
= not worth the price for us
< good sunscreen , but not great price

> this pineapple slicer worked extremely well - it was very easy-to-use ! you simply pick it up , put it on the pineapple ( after cutting the top off ) and basically turning , turning , turning , turning , turning until it goes all the way down . the pineapple comes out , sliced and nice . this actually sliced very well , i will use this tool often for cutting fresh pineapple , and i really recommend this product ! !
= easy kitchen tool - go for the pineapple slicer , yeah !
< very easy-to-use ! !

> i could n't ask for a better product . this product does it job really well , has a fresh scent , and has the perfect texture . it is smooth and sheer . it is not crumbly or gritty or slimy and anything like that . it is perfect in all ways.i would highly recommend this product . i think it would fill just about anybody 's needs . very wonderful ; perfect .
= wonderful product
< very nice

> i 've always preferred playtex products , and i think this is a pretty strong product in their line . consider they 're listed as regular , i think they would work fine for most people most days . they 're `` sport '' factor is revealed in their smaller size and theoretically in a different design , but i did n't really notice that aspect . worked fine , though .
= good product
< strong product

> two words one name christian bale ... ..job well donei thought to myself why would i want to see a movie about how it was in the beginning but i 'm glad i still watch it , beautiful cinematography . great acting . great story . this is how batman should be done ! i love the other batman mostly of course micheal keaton but christian bale did a great job
= :0 )
< batman should be done !

> this book was amazing . i ca n't help but feel for riley and colton and the `` race '' they have for each other . it was an emotional journey and i felt for both of them as they faced challenges . i can not wait until the third book is ready to see the conclusion of this amazing story .
= amazing
< amazing

> you can never have too many usb cables ... sometimes the connections become loose and they do n't work.these take up little space and the transfer rate is decent . i sometime tuck one in my bag when traveling . you never know when you 'll need one.for less than $ 4 this is a no brainer .
= low cost and handy
< good value

> when i was looking for an anti-glare screen , i did n't think i would find one as good as this one . there is no problem when i try to use the kindle while i 'm outside ; probably the best one that i 've ever tried .
= the screen works amazingly
< not bad

> i will admit to some slight apprehension the first time i popped open a can of no fear and cautiously took my first sip . perhaps it was the intimidating black finish and winged skull trimmed in red and silver . anyway , it was good ! not as sweet as i had worried it would b. it has a mild apple-pear , fruit punch flavor followed by slight bite at the back of the throat . no real off flavors or hints of the supplemental ingredients within . no tingly rush followed by heart palpitations either , thank goodness.no fear does contain sugar -- 33g in each of its two 8 oz . servings . by comparison coca-cola classic has about 26 per 8 oz . serving , mountain dew has 31. so this is not an energy drink for those looking to avoid sugar , try 5-hour energy for that . high fructose corn syrup is the most abundant ingredient after carbonated water . no fear contains a number of vitamins and minerals in addition to its proprietary blend of energy promoting ingredients , but i suspect that they are so over-processed that their health value is questionable.i do like the flavor though , and it did give me an energy boost and kept me alert and clear while working at my desk for a few hours . perhaps if i had chugged both servings at once the effects would be more noticeable . on a side note , it also makes a decent mixer in adult beverages , a la red bull . i do n't think i 'll be getting it again though . the ingredient soup is just a little too scary . its not for me , but i can see others enjoying it . 4 stars for flavor and energy enhancement , 2 stars for health value . i 've yet to try the sugar-free version so can not comment about that.~ kort
= fear the no fear ?
< good flavor , but not for me

> i 've tried several sunscreens that have claimed to feel non-greasy , and most still do . so i was pretty surprised with this banana boat 2 in 1 sunscreen when i put it on and found it went on more like a light body lotion than a thick sticky sunscreen . there 's virtually no smell to it at all . you have to put your nose right up to your skin to try and detect a scent.the aloe in the formula helps sooth your skin some if you already have some sun exposure and also aids in keeping skin feeling moist . it is water resistant , but keep in mind you do need to reapply it after 80 minutes of wearing it , as it will start to break down . also after a bad sunburn using another sunscreen some months ago i learned that applying these lotions 15 minutes before going into the sun is very much an important step . they need time to absorb into your skin to start protecting it . while this banana boat lotion absorbs in quite quickly , i would still suggest applying it a little ahead of time like they suggest , so that you do n't get burned before it has a chance to start protecting your skin.the moisturizing non-greasy formula makes your skin feel soothed and cool , especially if there is a breeze . as of yet i have n't run into any problems with it causing my skin to break out . it goes on and feels lighter than most of my body lotions do . this is a great sunscreen to keep on hand since it works both in and out of the water .
= pleased with the non-greasy feel
< works well , but no smell

> the kite runner is one of those books that , despite a polarizing nature , is one of the most moving pieces of literature of the last fifty years . many americans will not read it because it involves a demonized religion , but reading it would certainly further their understand of an often forgotten people and a county now in wreckage.while the book is centered on amir , it really follows a family over a generation . born into wealth , amir becomes best friends the family servant 's son . their bond is the annual kite competition in the city . young hassan has the uncanny ability to track down fallen kites . but at the final kite race , an unspeakable act drives a wedge between amir and hassan . the book centers on the lengths to which amir is willing to go in order to atone for his perceived sin . as part of his sojourn , amir experiences love , disappointment , death , and chance to make the story come full circle in multiple ways.the kite runner is unflinching in its depiction of modern day afghanistan . at the same time , the author reminds us of the beauty of afghanistan before the soviets and the taliban . on can almost taste the kabobs and spell the spice as the author paints a picture of a deceased afghanistan.though i would hesitate to call this book a coming of age story , it does follow the main character until he finds his purpose . it is hard not to be moved unless you are overly sensitive to violence of the story .
= powerful
< a moving story of a moving religion

> i 'm a little hard on my electronics , i guess , and i hate scratches or other marks on touch screens . in the past year since i received my kindle fire hd , i have tried a variety of screen protection products - most recently , greatshield ultra anti-glare ( matte ) clear screen protector film for amazon kindle fire hd 7 '' inch tablet ( 3 pack ) - lifetime warranty . this item , however , surpasses that in every way . in short , this is the best screen protection and anti-reflective film i have seen . i have used other types from 3m on my ipad and they fall short of the mark as well . i intend to get the moshi version for that device as soon as possible after being so satisfied with it on my kindle.it goes on so easily that i was completely pleased immediately . there are no bubbles and the microfiber cloth ( included ) got rid of the dust and fingerprints prior to application . the only thing that stumped me momentarily was the punched out circle - but i just placed it to the top left and lined up the screen protector and it went on perfectly . to think that i can take it off , wash it , and reapply it seems like the answer to all my hopes for it ! it definitely is the easiest one i have ever applied . i love the finish the anti-glare provides.i will definitely be recommending this to all my friends and relatives .
= definitely the best !
< the best screen protection i have ever applied

> i was especially excited about this book because of the dante theme , since i 've read the divine comedy and studied dante 's inferno in college . unfortunately , i did n't learn anything new or exciting about the epic poem , and dan brown really reaches to incorporate it into his overall plot . of course robert landon 's special symbology skills are needed in deciphering some enigmatic clues in florence . and an obligatory lady character becomes involved and they get chased all over florence , venice , and istanbul . there are lots of descriptions of all the beautiful ancient buildings and cathedrals and locales and it 's a good thing langdon knows so much about symbols and art and architecture ... then it seems the dante thread is abandoned for the big issue of overpopulation . to complicate things , landon realizes he 's been misled by an elaborate scheme reminiscent of the movie the game . next , the threat of a cataclysmic event reaches science fiction proportions , and while it addresses some interesting concepts , i thought langdon 's involvement was a bit of a stretch.while dan brown 's latest effort was mildly entertaining , i found that i really did n't care that much about the overall story . it was just too formulaic and contrived and langdon seemed more one-dimensional than in prior books .
= not quite ...
< not as good as the first

> this flavor of this sauce is very reminiscent of the taco bell sauce packets , which i love . these `` creamy '' versions take that familiar flavor and add a cream base , which is very similar to salad dressing . i actually dressed some salad with it and it was pretty amazing ! unfortunately , the bottle is too small to make that an economical choice , and this is intended instead as a `` finishing sauce . '' for example , adding it to tacos or burgers for a little extra kick . if you like spicy food , this will not be enough , but it adds a little heat.i 'm not sure that i would buy this over the translucent sauce , but it is very good . if you like taco bell sauce and want something more substantive , i think you will enjoy these creamy sauces . i 've tried the spicy ranchero and the chipotle , and the former has a more polished flavor , with the latter ( this one ) just a bit off . they go best with greens , as they are too heavy when paired with just meat .
= pretty good
< very good

> i checked this book out from my local library . i picked this book up when i checked out wallbanger , and after a so-so read , i was tempted to pass so i could get to the next book on my tbr -- but i will admit , i enjoyed this story line much better , and the pace was smoother.having read this back-to-back with wallbanger , i noticed a lot of similarity and duplication of lines ; and , unfortunately , the same tendency to use silly pet names for her vagina ( i.e . oonie , and others too silly to look up again ) and , as with wallbanger , she has boobies instead of breasts . the silly names were irritating , especially so close to reading another book by the same author in which the main female spoke the same way and used the same silly terms for her own body ... not seeing a difference in the personalities of the female protagonists for each book . but this one resonated better with me . loved jack and the plot . a great , albeit sometimes annoying , read .
= unidentified redhead
< better than the first

> casablanca is one of the most beloved films in movie history . it is a timeless classic that has crossed over from mere entertainment into pure americana . lines like `` here 's looking at you kid '' and `` play it again sam '' are part of our lexicon and `` as time goes by '' is practically as famous as the movie itself . humphrey bogart is dashing as club owner rick blaine and ingrid bergman is luminous as his former paramour ilsa lund who comes back into his life with her husband victor laslzo played by paul henreid . this sets up a love triangle that famously concludes on the airstrip . director michael curtiz won the 1943 best director oscar for his work and the film won the oscar for best picture as well as writers julius j. epstein , philip g. epstein and howard koch picking up the oscar for best screenplay for one of the most memorable screenplays of all time .
= here 's looking at casablanca again
< a classic

> my five year old is very enthusiastic about these snacks . `` my tongue and my mouth feel wonderful , '' he enthuses while eating them.they are little crunchy balls , about the size of a die , made with little dried apple bits . i think the taste is a bit bland . nutritionally , it 's not terrible for a snack , especially one that makes kids happy . but it does lack the fiber and the whole foods aspect of a real apple . there is also some added starch.however , my kids like these enough that they serve as an incentive to get into the car . so for something that 's mostly fruit , that is better nutritionally than many processed foods and that the kids enjoy , it 's worth considering . i would n't buy them for myself though .
= 5 year old loves them ; mom thinks they are ok
< my kids like them , but it 's not a snack

> this marley coffee has a beautiful strong aroma before brewing , like fresh ground beans , i am amazed it smells so good and strong then brews up very mild , almost weak , but that sounds like a negative and that 's not what i mean , i drink a lot of coffee and have for years and love a strong brew most the time , this coffee is so mild i can drink it plain . i usually like a splash of cream , or lately a dab of honey . so i give it a four , because it may not be as strong as i like but comes in individual packets so stays fresh , portable for my frequent camping/hiking trips , brews up to a taste that can be sipped plain , and organic with a amazing pre-brew aroma .
= wonderful coffee aroma
< beautiful strong aroma

> o.k . one might say it is just a pack of post-it notes . i agree with one exception . these are the perfect notes for placing information on a larger container rather than the standard sizes we grew up with . my first use for them was to place identifier on stored documents contained in a plastic box . the size is large enough to provide for large numbers and then permit additional identification in smaller print . the peel off easy from the pad and stick well on the container . removing them from the container is simple and there is no residue . these are simply perfect for most uses when you need to see what you wrote and subsequently want to remove it .
= fanpostic perfect
< perfect for most uses

> these work well for me . they are thick and sturdy and come off of the clip ring easily . i 've only used them a few times to measure liquids and powders while cooking and baking and have had no problems . i read some reviewers said the handles bend . this has n't happened to me . i do n't know if it depends on how you handle them or how heavy the products are , but i am definitely watching for this and like i said , so far , so good . my only issue is that i would n't pay $ 20 for these when cheaper products are available , but that 's your decision to make .
= good but pricey
< works well

> these scissors are great . they cut everything , but the best part is they will stay sharp for 100,000 cuts . i do a lot of crafts and sharp scissors are easy to come by -- but generally other scissors do not stay sharp . twenty or so cuts and you notice the blades are starting to dull . these scissors promise more than that . the grips are very comfortable and blades will not accumulate gunk from craft projects . i was nicely surprised by the price as well . i believe this is a great product and would be a great choice for any one who sews or does a lot of craft projects .
= great product and price
< great scissors

> virtually everyone who 's opinion i usually can trust just loved this movie last summer , but i could n't get interested enough to go see it . however , when the dark knight came out on dvd , i bought it the day it came out and still ... i never watched it until this week.so ... i watched it and it was good , but i found it so dark and brooding that for me , it less than pleasant even while being amazed at the visual experience , and awed by some of the performances.so , if you are a batman fan you will love it , if not ...
= yeah but ...
< i 'm a batman fan you will love it

> this is absolutely delicous herbal tea . i am a huge fan of both blackberry and vanilla flavors so i knew that the two combined would be fantastic . i also try to avoid caffeine as much as possible but i still want a nice hot relaxing beverage in the evenings after dinner , and this is perfect . what a great flavor , especially with some orange blossom honey . i was afraid this would have an artificial taste but it 's very natural . it 's not an overpowering flavor , it 's subtle . i adore this and will keep repurchasing it here on amazon .
= delicious
< i love this herbal tea

> excellent read . hot , erotic and spellbinding . a very passionate love story where all the final answers come out in this last book of the trilogy . just a fantastic read . if you are into fifty shades , you will definitely be into this trilogy and this book . these books do need to be read in order . this also contained one of the best epilogues ever . it was just a perfect ending to this wonderful story . if you are in for erotic romances , passion , and just irrisistible characters , this is the story for you .
= outstanding trilogy and final book
< excellent read

> what do i think about the taco bell chipotle sauce ? well , it was n't terrible . it had a mild chipotle taste with a taco bell take , which i prefer over spicier toppings . however , it is n't something that i think i 'll be picking up on every shopping trip . the container is a nice size that should be fine for a few family dinners before running out . if you are looking for a new sauce , i suggest trying this one . taste is so subjective a thing that you just might like it !
= okay
< not bad , but not terrible

> naturally , i had to ask the younger ones what the film is all about but received no answer that i could understand . nevertheless , despite an entirely haphazard script , it was entertaining and successful as a meaningless form of escapism . only the slightest of slight nods in the direction of a meaning , mostly youngsters doing a good job at playing youngsters caught in the middle of chaos . the price is light so gather under the christmas tree ( or whatever ) and relax for a couple of hours .
= entertaining family picture
< a good movie , but not great

> snackwell fudge drizzle caramel popcorn is different than other `` drizzled '' or dipped or coated popcorn i have tasted in the past . it seems to have just the right amount of fudge and caramel so as to not turn it into a cookie or on the skimpy side a dusted corn pop . i liked it and would probably look to buy it in the future . just one packet satisfied my evening desert appetite with only 130 calories . went well with my cup of tea .
= different
< different than other `` drizzled '' or dipped

> pixar does it again ! i 've never seen a movie by pixar that was n't beautiful , and wall-e is no exception . pixar even makes a garbage-filled world beautiful . even though the first half of this movie has no dialouge , it is still gripping and humerous . the second half is even more gripping , a life we are headed towards if we do n't make a change . a great moral story that fits the day and age of now .
= beautiful , gripping and forseeable
< pixar does it again !

> themicra digital usb a to usb b cable ( 10 feet ) is a great cable i used to connect one of my home printers to my pc . each end fits snugly . the cable looks well made . it is working great . it came in a nice box that was easy to open and i much prefer to a bunch of plastic wrap . i would definitely purchase this again and feel comfortable recommending it to loved ones .
= great cable packaged perfectly in a frustration-free box
< great cable

> tracey brogan has written a delightful novel that gives readers a light and entertaining story that you find hard to put down . the characters are zany and most are lovable as well . i just enjoyed being able to read a book for a change that i did n't have to think about but could just laugh out loud and smile and enjoy ! crazy little thing gives me reason to watch for what this author comes up with next .
= crazy about crazy little thing
< a delightful read

> ken watanabe stole this show . my feelings for cruise aside , i did enjoy this film though it does bare ( story structure-wise ) a gross simiarlity to dances with wolves . in fact , had the whole story been about watanabe 's character this could have been a better movie -- that and we avoid the whole brave heart/ the patriot ending . overall , you we be entertained .
= watanabe is a jewel
< the ultimate movie review ! - [ ... ] - @ tss5078

> this is a 6.8 ounce of plain coffee which is great for coffee lovers . it has no added sugar but has a great taste . my wife likes to add these in with her protein mix and some ice to make a great iced coffee protein drink . the price seems to be a little much but they are great to have on hand for on the go .
= great for coffee lovers .
< great for coffee lovers

> this graham cracker with a bit extra is a super choice if you want something not too sweet and with a bit of crunch . the oats and light apple cinnamon taste are excellent and not heavy or overpowering . these are good plain or with some cheese or even peanut butter for snacking or a very light meal on the run .
= yummy
< great taste , not too sweet

> riff was amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! i do n't know if i love him more then noel but he 's definitely up there . he 's such a broken guy and aubreys a wonderful girl and hopefully fixes him . i was hoping for an epilogue . i ca n't wait for the next .
= loving
< noel is amazing ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> i always enjoy any new non-alcoholic drink . this one , a lemon and ginger mix , was tasty enough , and from the package notes , pretty healthy as well . i found it somewhat overly spicey , and it left a lingering spicey effect , not really my taste .
= *good but a little spicey*
< tasty , but not my favorite

> this product has everything anyone feeding a baby could want ! 100 % organiceasy squeezing with no spoon neededno artificial ingredientsbpa-free packaging that is resealablenut-freegluten-freesugar-freedeliciousand available to order from earth 's most customer-centric company ( amazon ) ( jingle song ) who could ask for anything more ?
= what more could anyone want ?
< baby could want to be a baby could want !

> this is a practical value and very easy to use . did not irritate the little ones skin and felt great about the product being so green and easy on the earth . make your day a little easier and pick these up !
= practical value easy to use
< practical

> loved this book . loved kami , loved angel , loved dominic ... .blaine is my new book boyfriend . .great writing , great engaging storyline , wonderful characters . hooked on s.l jennings ... .
= blaine is a saint
< loved it !

> the flavor is suble and yet it is great - a mixuture of sweet and slightly tangy . i find it a refrshing treat and a pleasure to drink .
= great flavor
< great flavor

> a good traditional romantic read . the story of two teachers finding their way to happily ever after . a good basic romance .
= good read
< good

> edit : several months later , i have a small frame , maybe 5x9 that is still on the wall.the first thing i said to myself was ... .. you 're really not going to trust your prized frames with velcro and a sticky are you ? it does not take a genius to realize that you can not trust the `` sticky '' to hold your frames.the main problem is that although you can reposition if needed , the `` stickiness '' will lose its sticky if you keep messin ' with it . second of all , if you have a velvet-type backing , there is no way it will stick.if you stick and unstick too often , more like 2-3 times , you will loose the stickiness from the strips ! ! i used the large strips on an 8x10 , had to reposition it , pulled off from the wall , and was relieved that it did not pull paint off . the velcro seems to adher very well . what you do is press two velcro strips together . one is sticked to the frame , and other strip gets stickied to the wall . do i trust it to stay ... . not really , but time will tell.i also used a 4x6 metal frame . attached the strips to the cardboard backing of the metal frame . it would not stick . the metal frame kept slipping off . tried it on another wall , did n't work at all . as i mentioned , the main issue is the `` stickiness '' or lack of it.i will update my review , as i want this product to work . it would help me out , but i can not and will not trust it completely yet ! ... rizzo
= i will not trust my prized frames yet ... .. we 'll see
< i 'm not going to trust it ... .

> after almost falling over mountains of & quot ; rave & quot ; reviews for this move , including the high impact & quot ; over 80 4 star reviews & quot ; on the dvd sleeve , i was more than a little disappointed with this movie . an oscar nod for sofia copola had also led me to believe that this would be something special , but even as a fan of bill murray i find it hard to recommend . a very slow beginning finds bill murray out of his depth in tokyo as a flagging actor promoting a brand of whiskey . anyone who has ever been to tokyo will know it is not a very visitor friendly place , from the point of view of little , or no maps , tourist information , direction signs , assistance , or even menu 's printed in english ( or any other language except japanese for that matter ) and ms copola tries hard to portray this , and the quirky japanese culture on screen at every given moment . sadly though , this , and the gentle , if unlikely romantic chemistry between this lost actor in a failing marriage , and young newlywed unsure of her decision or life in general , that could be full of hilarious nuances just does n't come across . i found myself skipping forward just to see if anything was going to happen , but was left feeling like a waste of just over 1hr 40 mins . i 'm sorry to be arguing with so many critics praising this as a great movie , but perhaps like the title says , the comedy , story and enjoyment , was a least for me - lost in the translation .
= slow start and goes nowhere
< a least for me - lost in the translation

> i 've read through two books now & still do n't know what is going on with olivia 's past . there are only minor clues as to who wants to harm her & why & it is getting really frustrating . and poor olivia , she is still being kept in the dark even after alex makes a serious commitment to her which made me very angry ! ! olivia has a mental breakdown in this book , running away to florida & forming a & # 34 ; friendship & # 34 ; with surfer/therapist cam . she totally uses him to try to get over alex , while alex is back in boston trying to get over olivia . olivia is the one with the real broken heart because she does n't know how to form bonds with people , she has no idea what real love is . but by her emotions & her actions she will never be in a position to let alex go - he completely owns her body & soul . but she runs since she does n't know what else to do when her emotions overwhelm her . olivia does n't remember her childhood prior to her parent 's death but she has nightmares & does n't realize that her memories are coming back to her in the form of dreams . someone is going to drive a wedge between alex & olivia because god knows their happiness can not last more than a page or two ! they have serious chemistry in the bedroom but they have to get their act together & be totally honest . way too much angst !
= olivia & alex
< olivia & olivia

> & quot ; i see dead people. & quot ; this is the movie 's stand-out quote . it shows m. night shamayalan 's brilliance as a producer , director , and writer . he incorporated one of his childhood fantasies into & quot ; the sixth sense & quot ; and added some of his own ideas giving it a brilliant storyline . the symbolisms ( ex . the color red ) give it that added uniqueness . shamayalan proves that he 'll become the next steven spielberg someday.haley joel osment deserved his oscar nomination for best supporting actor for his role of cole sear . he expresses sear 's fears and trials much better than most other 11-year old actors are capable . this powerful performance excites many to discover his performances while he 's growing up and as an adult.the rest of the cast is amazing : toni collette , bruce willis , trevor morgan , olivia williams , etc . everybody , including osment , has that special chemistry amongst one another . they provoke their emotions into their audience . when a character fears , the audience fears . when a character rages , the audience rages . these define the meaning of & quot ; the sixth sense 's & quot ; storyline and environment . they force the audience think about the story elements rather than revealing them bluntly . this allows the audience to constantly watch it and learn new elements everytime . one may constantly whisper to their friends , & quot ; i see dead people & quot ; due to the movie addiction .
= i love seeing dead people
< i see dead people & quot ; i see dead people & quot ;

> i had a feeling that i would really like `` walk the line , '' but i had no idea that is was such an amazing film ! i did n't know joaquin phoenix had it in him . he did an incredible job bringing johnny cash to life . the movie chronicles cash 's rise to fame , his severe drug problem , and his relationship with june carter ( reese witherspoon ) . phoenix and witherspoon are phenomenal ! it would not be possible for anyone to portray johnny and june with more accuracy , and their singing is fabulous ! this movie is such a wonderful tribute to cash 's life and music , and it 's also a beautiful love story . ( i completely teared up during the final concert scene at the end of the film ... how romantic ! ) in addition to phoenix and witherspoon , the supporting cast boasts excellent performances by ginnifer goodwin as cash 's first wife , vivian , and robert patrick as johnny 's father . everything about this movie is perfect ... i was sitting on the edge of my seat the entire time ! a lot of great movies were released last year , but `` walk the line '' was definitely one of the better ones ... it is a massive oversight that the film was n't rewarded with a best picture nomination by the academy awards committee . hopefully phoenix and witherspoon will walk away with the top honors , though ... they definitely deserve it .
= wow !
< a great tribute to cash 's life and music

> inscribed in what we might say a smart variation about the noir genre , martin scorsesse has constructed , depicted and achieved possibly his finest works in decades , with a breathtaking script in which you must not miss just a single line ; when two young agents , both smart , clever and astute work in the police , one of them is a very poor boy who since his childhood was literally engaged by costello ; and in the other hand we have an outlaw boy who comes from a rich family and by that well known rebelliousness , typical of the first three decades of the human being , decides to be hired by the police to work as a covered agent without identity in order to make costello goes to prison.absorbing drama with profound psychological inflections , spiced with black humor , a formidable cast , a sleepless camera that simply does not blink for a second , with admirable mobility and mesmerizing angle shots , and a very clever script make of that movie not only the best entry of this veteran director , protagonist of so many battles and an erudite connoisseur of the cinema which may be compared at the level of let 's say peter bodganovich.another high peak to realize : the hidden homage to the thrid man in the last sequence when she ignores damon after having buried to di caprio in the cemetery , then go to the last sequence of the thrid man when alida vali makes the same with joseph cotten .
= absorbing cat an mouse thriller !
< the best noir of the year

> as a die-hard fan of the original transformers series i was cringing ( naturally enough ) throughout the movie not knowing what to expect.nevertheless , transformers was a very pleasant surprise , considering how other classics took a serious beating in the re-make ( e.g . the incredible hulk , the dukes of hazzard , and superman to name a few ) .the film re-introduces the autobots and decepticons to the new generations now that the level of technology allows it.the movie combines action , adventure and comedy , thus resurrecting interest in the transformers after a long dormant period.shia labeouf , megan fox and rachael taylor ( both of whom are gorgeous ! ) , glenn moreshower ( from 24 ! ) , michael o'neill , jon voight , bernie mac , kevin dunn , and the rest of the cast have outdone themselves with their performances ( the chemistry is amazing ! ) , which are outstanding to say the least , making this movie one that can be watched over and over again ! all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ! the plot , the setting , the special effects , and the battles are all wonderful , though why in heaven 's name would they leave out the theme song ? ? ? in short , it is different from the original , but good nonetheless . 4.5 starsi can not wait for the sequel !
= bring on the sequel !
< a great movie , but a great movie !

> everyone lives a full life in a self-sufficient 1800 's village . we live in a symbiosis with a mysterious species . however we also live free form the evils that permeate those other villages beyond the forbidden forest . so what happens when we violate the truce with the other species ? the film is produced by m. night shyamalan ; so there is no surprise in the formula or big picture . it is not hard to figure out the premise shortly into the story . however there are several surprising twists on the way.the acting was surprisingly exceptional . we have well known actors that have the ability not to let their personalities overwhelm their characters.the sets and period costumes were superb . you can see that there was a lot of time and money that went into them . you have the feel that you are there.although this film may not have achieved the potential in many eyes it is probably one of the best balance and almost believable stories shyamalan has shown us . it is more than just a tale as we se how people relate and can relate under stress and great joy.the archetype for the movie could have been lifted right out of a joseph campbell 's book `` the hero with a thousand faces '' ( 1949 ) . the four stages making up the cycle of a monomyth are `` passage : separation-initiation-return : ''
= we can mover towards hope
< a great film that is a great film

> i was a little skeptical when i requested these snacks . how different could they be than the myriad other cereal/grain/fruit bars ? actually , i was surprised to find they are n't the same.these are n't soft and dry the way many cereal bars are . most of them leave me dying for a drink of water and picking pieces out of my teeth . and they are n't so hard they leave crumbs everywhere as soon as you take a bite like some granola bars . these really are crisp , and the fruit is moist which makes for a nice contrast . the size is good for a quick snack a person can carry in a purse or backpack . 100 calories seems to be the new health bandwagon , and newton jumped on with these . however , i must say this seems more filling than the little bags of teeny tiny cookies or chips . the flavor is light rather than overpowering . more like an apple flavored cookie.since apple cinnamon is one of my least favorite flavors , i really hope this will be offered in other fruit flavors . i would buy these , which is the best recommendation i can give.update : i found the berry flavor in my local supermarket and purchased it . it was very good , with a flavor i prefer . i would definitely buy them again ! recommended !
= tasty snack
< very good snacks !

> a sequel toa time to kill : a novel . several years have passed . jake brigance is still living in ford county , struggling along to earn a living as a small town attorney in competition with other attorneys , and living in a rental house after his original home was burned by the klan . now he has a new case - a wealthy white man has left 90 percent of his estate to his black housekeeper , deliberately cutting his children and grandchildren out of his will . the man tended to be a loner , divorced twice , and with an eye for women . now the fight is on . jake is the attorney representing the estate , a potentially lucrative position if the case lingers on and goes through appeals ( i believe dickens wrote a novel about that ) .the book goes through details of legal maneuvering as the litigants go through discovery and eventually the trial . there is a lot of back story about everyone involved , and some details about the racist past in mississippi . keeping in mind that the author started his career as a small town attorney in mississippi , the story is well researched . this is a prize winning novel by any set of standards , possibly a pulitzer prize . it is certainly one of the best novels of 2013 .
= shades of the past
< one of the best novels of 2013

> i moved about a month or so ago and before i had verizon and at least with them they gave you a router to use . now i have the comcast triple play and they do n't give you a router so i was at odds as to which one to get when low and behold this one came into my hands at the perfect time . it was so worth waiting for.the hookup was brainless and so easy a child could do it . it works with all my devices so i wo n't complain as it 's doing the job . we have had a few power outages and it has come right back on and booted up nicely without any problems . it is small and light which is a blessing cause i like most of you do n't need another big bulking item on my desk . this is not only working with my kindles and my samsung phone but also with my 60 '' lg smart tv . perfect in every respect and i am one very happy camper.lesson to be learned here , if you are going to move make sure and find out if you are going to need a router with whatever electronics server you are going to go through . pays to be ahead of the game instead of scrambling .
= perfection !
< great router

> i wanted to like `` captain america '' but the movie 's faults made this a one-off -- good enough to watch once , but probably not one of those that the viewer will watch over and over again over the years . the characters had potential but did not live up to this potential . steve rogers and peggy clark have a chaste little attraction going , but it never matures into anything of note in the film . steve rogers himself lacks depth , and the film could have developed him , and his friend `` bucky '' much more . the same is true of the villains -- they are one-dimensional bad guys and that is pretty much the end of it.the special effects are good , and i applaud that the movie is pretty much true to the original `` captain america '' story . i just think that this one could have been done better . rjb .
= ok entertainment ; could have been much better
< a good movie , but not great

> ellie is a grifter , a conartist , a hustler , a swindler , a scammer , a cheater , a crook , a thief . and she has gotten herself in over her head . she is on the run from javier , a drug lord and her ex . she runs into her past . cameden . someone who she treated horribly when she was younger . but he just might be able to help her now.this is an amazing and brilliantly written story . the characters are imperfectly perfect . nobody is innocent but you find yourself rooting for them anyway . so many lies . so much distrust . you never know which way this story is going to turn.i am convinced that karina can do no wrong . i was originally a fan of her experiment in terror series but can now add the artist trilogy to that list .
= great series ! !
< a must read !

> i was loaned this book for my kindle via a generous booklending.com member . i saw all the reviews and became curious to read it . the premise ( college age people ) does n't usually draw me . probably because i 'm over ( cough ) 50.strangely enough : i really enjoyed it . i found the characters likeable and complex . at first i did n't like cassie very much but once her character unfolded it was understandable why she had such a cynical edge about her . then , jack ends up doing something very foolhardy . he pays for it though . lots of angst going on in this story and did n't i adore those parts ! very good book . i 'm shocked at myself but in a good way and now i wonder what i 've missed by not reading more stories centered around the younger set .
= 4.5 stars ... ... .i liked it much to my surprise ... ..
< very good book

> this drink tastes like very sweet carbonated apple juice with a weird aftertaste . i tried it and at first taste did n't like it at all . i came back twice more just to really put some words into why and all i can say is that i do n't like any drink that is this sweet . the aftertaste was also not good . i would not purchase this item for myself and would not recommend this flavor ( crispy apple ) to others unless you really want a lot of sugar taste with your energy drinks.here is the info for those that want the nutrition stats : 90 calories , 20 grams of sugar , 80 mg of caffeine , 22g of carbs , 150 mg potassium , and 15 mg of sodium . the drink is sweetened with stevia.overall , i ca n't recommend this particular flavor .
= really sweet with an aftertaste ... .
< tastes like apple juice with a weird aftertaste

> king most often gives his readers a little normal before he gets into the strange . but he does n't mess around in this outing . the weird and gore begin on about page seven . many readers have compared cell with the stand . the premise is similar , but i like cell better . that is saying something because the stand is one of my all-time favorites ... i 've read it several times . i thought the plot in cell was more concentrated and i did n't need time to get to know the characters ... i liked them right off the bat . all the things i like about a sk novel are in this story . i am so glad king did n't retire ! i am looking forward to his next book in october .
= better than the stand , in my opinion
< king is the best !

> this is not your normal shaving gel . instead this is more along the lines of a shaving moisturizer . it does n't really foam up , but it does leave a nice slick feeling resulting in a very comfortable shave . it has a bit of a strong smell ( similar to after shave ) , but after rinsing clean it does n't really linger . also does n't gum up the razor blade with all the foam residue like traditional shaving creams and gels . it also has an easy to use squeezable dispenser that is all plastic , so no metal can to worry about.since i regularly shave my beard as well as my head , i need a gel that works well for sensitive skin , and this does the trick . i 'm converted !
= great shave gel for beard or shaving head !
< great shave

> this deodorant has the appearance , texture , and very strong smell of alcohol-based hand sanitizer . it is n't the most pleasant thing to put on , but the smell dissipates quickly . i found it to be very effective all day long.my container of deodorant seemed to have a defective clicker/wheel for dispensing the deodorant . i turned it and turned it over and over again , but nothing ever came out . happily , the thin plastic of the container and the gel consistency of the deodorant itself meant that i simply had to squeeze the container for some to come out . it 's not the most effective method , and it 's hard to get exactly how much you want , but it worked ok for me .
= effective , but hard to dispense
< effective , but not the best

> this book had a lot of emotions to go through a lot of angsty moments sometimes i wanted to shake leo my god could one man open his eyes enough to realise what was staring him in the face lol he def got there in the end epically might i add now nora was complicated , abused , strong beautiful character she loved leo from the start felt the connection but her secrets were deep and i marvelled at how much she went through and how surrounded by the right people leo , sebastian , potia , mila and even drew it was great to see her get a hea 5 great heart warming stars ! ! !
= loved it ! ! !
< leo , sebastian , sebastian , sebastian , sebastian , sebastian , sebastian , sebastian

> this book was amazingly wonderful ... i have so many thoughts going in my mind that honestly i will keep this simple..i thought keira and kellan were my favorite characters from the thoughtless series but sorry taryn and ryan have them beat ... .i know there has to be angst in a book but when you love these characters it is hard to deal with getting through the book without going to the end ... lol ... .so future readers just be patient .. this story is so worth the wait ... one criticism ... the first love_making scene was so beautifully done and that was it.. must read ! ! !
= a must read
< i love kellan and kellan ! ! !

> i was prepared to be disappointed after reading all of the negative reviews , but i was n't . the manual blade side works awesome for underarm and leg areas . it gives a really close shave . i did n't have to shave daily . i was able to cut back to once every three to four days . the electric shaver worked just fine too . i would not use the electric shaver side in the shower though because it gets gunked up when the hair is wet . it works much better dry . overall , nice concept . refills are found cheap at warehouse clubs .
= schick quattro for women trimstyle razor & bikini trimmer
< nice concept , but not a shave

> a joyous movie that has a tenderly unexpected start . the movie moves in its own direction with confidence and persuasiveness . the story floats along ( yes , a pun ) with in your face humor and a quirky melancholy , lighting coated . the movie perfectly balances modern computer graphics with sentimental decour/themes from the 1950s and prior . screentime nicely balanced between the two main protangonists , their animal co-padres , and the icon turned villain . disney did a fine job undermarketing the movie and letting the mystery of the unconventional story unravel itself secretly before contented audience . one of the year 's best .
= outstanding ! up charts its own course ( ooops ! )
< the year 's best

> i was a little worried after reading the reviews , that i would love the book until the end . well i was glad i took the chance , because this book was amazing ! jake is such a great character and i loved him ! this story was beautiful and real , i understand some reviews saying it was rushed in the end , but i only felt like that when it came to nina 's depression , nothing really lead up to that , and their love was so strong , then it felt weird , but i still loved every minute of it !
= loved this book !
< loved it !

> this film is better than episode ii in my opinion.we see anakin 's turn from jedi to sith . we have slowly seenpalpatine 's influence over anakin . sadly , we already knowwhat is going to happen.however , too much is going on . and the final scene when he'sdarth vader and he hears about padme , that could have been donebetter . perhaps there should have been other movies ( there isthe cartoon the clone wars and the books could cover it ) . but thisis at least a decent ending to the prequel trilogy .
= sad , but better
< better than episode ii

> this book was recommended to me after i read unwind by neal shusterman and although i did n't find it as powerful as unwind , i still think it was an excellent book . the story had just the perfect combination of action , drama , and romance . it has a great message that you can stay human even in the most inhumane conditions . needless to say , i am anxiously awaiting a sequel . i am sure even greater things are to come in the next book .
= excellent book
< excellent book

> is it funny or charming ? well , this film panders to anti-americanism , the new religion of the world . american girls are portrayed as loose bimbos ; the prime minister is given kudos for stickin ' it to the nasty american president . the plot is shallow and so are the characters . do n't say you were n't warned.those who absolutely loved this film are encouraged to mindlessly click on not helpful : )
= shallow and anti-american
< the new religion of the world

> jack and laurelynn have a crazy relationship that fit perfectly for them . i still do n't understand why it took the advise of young wise evan for jack to go look for her . i love evan wise word to his brother & # 34 ; jack you do n't always know the true worth of a woman 's love until it become a memory. & # 34 ; true indeed young evan .
= enjoy it
< jack and laurelynn

> this soap is great . the scent is n't too strong but is very pleasant . it really gets one 's skin dry is it is perfect for oily skin . the soap has those small round `` balls '' that help scrub the skin . for a manly soap that does what is supposed to do , this is it .
= perfect for oily skin
< great soap

> title says it all : good , spicy jalap taste w/ a slight heat to it ; creamy texture stays in place better than salsa , too . i dug this more than the ranchero flavor . works great on tacos , salad , soup topper , baked potatoes , etc . good all-around condiment !
= great balance of spiciness , creamy texture , and do n't need to use much
< good taste , good taste

> this was an audio book for me . the & # 34 ; valley girl & # 34 ; accent made me giggle but fit the book personalities . loved the break throughs for both ella and micha in this book ! will be reading the next in line hoping for the hea .
= still head over heals in love with micha
< audio book

> bought this for my dad for his birthday and he was appreciative . he likes to buy the occasional mystery or vintage jazz music so this way he can spoil himself without guilt when he stumbles upon something he likes .
= great gift for dad
< fun mystery

> loved the book , i will definitely read it again . the author has the right amount of drama , romance , laughter , and humor . i was laughing throughout the book . it 's a keeper
= the title does not give it justice
< loved it

> tina fey is a very funny , smart , and talented lady , and reading this biography/memoir feels like i imagine sitting down and talking to her would be . i am a fan of memoirs but i have read so many about dysfunctional families , about people who have survived abuse , and it is really refreshing to read something so much more upbeat . actually , i would have liked to learn more about fey 's early life . a good part of the book was about her days at snl and 30 rock.rather than being self-aggrandizing , ms. fey pokes fun at herself . there is some name-dropping but not in a mean spirit . there are , however , mentions of unnamed `` d-bags . `` in discussing her famous ( or infamous , depending on your point of view ) spoof of sarah palin , she says `` i am not mean and mrs. palin is not fragile . `` this is a funny book , and i did laugh out loud several times , but it is more than just humor . for my taste , there was a little too much repetition of snl and 30 rock jokes . the bit about the teat nazis was was hilarious . and writing about family size , she says `` large families have become a status symbol in new york . four beautiful children named after kings and pieces of fruit are a way of saying 'i can afford a four-bedroom apartment and $ 150,000 in elementary school tuition fees each year . how you livin ' ? ' '' . once in awhile , it felt like she was trying just too hard to be funny , but most of it worked well for me.there is some profanity that might be off-putting to some readers , but probably not to most readers who would be interested in this book . altogether , it was highly entertaining , light read about a very interesting and successful woman .
= a refreshing memoir of someone with a fairly normal childhood
< funny , smart , and talented lady , and reading this book .

> not only am i addicted to this book series but i am addicted to the entire group of people in rosemary and to abbi glines . her writing is impossible not to love ... the stories are impossible not to get swallowed up by . there was not a single word in this book that did n't love . that 's one thing i love about abbi ` s writing ... every word , paragraph and page has an unrushed purpose.i loved how in this book the story was about the entire group of friends . obviously woods and della took center stage but everyone else was involved quite a bit . jace and bethys part broke my heart . grants part towards the end left me drooling for more . i can not wait for his story and i hope to god harllow is the girl in the story ... i loved the sneak peak we got of her in the fallen to far series and when she met grant in that series it was an explosion waiting to happen . and now we get another tease of them in this book ... so unfair and cruel . tripps surprise reveal at the end left me wanting a book on him ... never saw that coming . poor thad ... he needs to find his place and be more involved . and i am a rush finley addict so i was happy we saw him a bit in this book to with blair and nate.woods and dellas story was amazing ... filled with angst . i was so happy for della for the things she discovered about herself . she is an amazing girl and deserves to be happy.i can not wait for more of these characters and even though this book just came out today ... i hope we do n't have to wait another 6 months for the next one ...
= perfection at its finest ... .
< love abbi glines !

> we have been feeding this product to our two miniature schnauzers for quite some time , they are picky about what they eat ; beniful has been on their approved list for some time , they do like it . however after reading a few of the reviews on this product i felt compelled to pick up the bag and read the ingredients . i 'm not too impressed -- -- animal digest , what is that ? , sugar -- -hmmm , food color , loads of corn meal etc . and then the preservatives which i do understand . i 'm sure it has become a science of manufacturing to create a product that most dogs will like at the cheapest cost to make . our dogs have always done well at their annual physicals , so i know there is adequate nourishment in the product , however , i now think there are better and more healthful products available , probably at a premium price , ingredients that would include a higher percentage of meat and poultry and less corn and grain.do the dogs like this ? yescould nestle improve the ingredients ? yeswould i purchase again ? not sureis this a bad product ? i do n't think so , could just be better.is there a better product at this price point ? i would really like to know ! just a thought : kids like candy , does n't mean it 's good for them !
= i am now wondering !
< not bad , but not great either

> `` the hobbit : an unexpected journey '' is director peter jackson 's lengthy adaptation of j.r.r . tolkien 's fantasy novel . taking place 60 years before the events in the `` lord of the rings '' trilogy , it follows the adventures of young hobbit bilbo baggins ( martin freeman ) , who 's recruited by the wizard gandalf ( ian mckellan ) to help a gang of rowdy dwarves reclaim their mountain home.jackson 's plan to break down `` the hobbit '' into three feature-film installments may tax the patience of his core audience . the first hour plays very much like a kids ' flick . though the movie does turn darker and more dramatic , the director veers considerably from the well known book in an attempt to add spectacle and endow some characters with loftier motives than tolkien envisioned . as in the `` lord of the rings '' films , the cinematography and production design are impressive , but the running time makes this fantasy a long slog.a deluxe five-disc edition contains blu-ray 3d , blu-ray 2d , dvd , and digital copy . bonus extras include jackson 's making-of production videos ; featurettes on the start of production , location scouting , and filming in 3d ; post-production overview ; and footage of the world premiere in wellington , new zealand . `` the hobbit '' is also available in a three-disc blu-ray/dvd combo pack and a two-disc dvd edition .
= are we ready for another fantasy trilogy ?
< `` the hobbit '' is also a classic

> very rarely has martin scorsese let me down . any fears i had going into the departed were quickly put to rest within the opening minutes of the film , beginning with a voiceover from criminal mastermind frank costello ( jack nicholson , perfectly cast ) , and his recruitment of colin sullivan ( matt damon ) , who quickly rises in the ranks of the boston police department while providing costello with the info he needs to avoid detection and capture . a snag gets put in the plans however when crook turned cop billy costigan ( leonardo dicaprio ) is chosen to infiltrate costello 's world , as both he and sullivan end up playing a cat and mouse game of lies and deception in an attempt to catch and kill one another . with great performances from dicaprio , damon , martin sheen , alec baldwin , and mark wahlberg in what ended up being an oscar nominated performance ; the departed is pure scorsese all the way , including some of the most inventive use of cell phones you 'll ever find in a big time film . any reports of `` sloppy craftsmanship '' should be disregarded , as this is one of scorsese 's best films in his long established and oscar ignored career . absolutely spectacular from beginning to end , the departed is a modern day masterpiece .
= spectacular
< the departed

> i could not put this book down . the characters were so well written and the plot was consistent and intense . the subject matter is a tough one . rape and the journey after can be so hard . this a story about that journey . there are so many good messages in this book . you ca n't let one terrible thing consume your life . you have to find one thing a day to smile about . communication leads to great things and love truly conquers all.this is the journey of beau , asher and katey . katey does n't think she is worthy of anyone 's love after a horrific , traumatic event . she is left alone after she pushes everyone away . she is just a sad , sad girl . beau is her best friend and he loves her deeply but she is just not ready to let him in just yet . she has a journey ahead of her that will heal her wounds . this is where asher comes in.i have to say that i have n't cried over a book this hard for a long time . i will be touched by this book for a long , long time . i highly recommend it . i just completely loved it .
= omg
< wow !

> this book first caught my attention while going through some of the quotes listed on goodreads . several made me laugh , and the book soon joined my to-read-pile . and now that i finished reading it , i ca n't wait to continue on in the series ! this was a wonderful debut novel , and an intriguing ( though very complete ) start to the mortal instruments series . it was a very fast-paced and fun read , livened up by the near-constant bantering between the likable characters . and while the plot 's big twist was n't a complete shock , it certainly created a lot of curiosity about just where the remainder of the series will go ! clare created an interesting fantasy world - peopled with almost every imaginable supernatural being from vampires , werewolves , fairies , demons , warlocks and more . the characters were n't quite as fully developed ( there really was n't much there beyond that witty dialogue ) , but since there are at least four more books to the series , i am sure there will be plenty of opportunity for them to develop more !
= interesting start !
< a fun debut novel

> this product will stop your perspiration problems but it does it by stopping the perspiration in the first place . therefore , be careful when you use it . i ca n't use it both in the morning and at bedtime , that was too much for my body to handle . i also only use it when i 'm going to be very physically active or it is very hot and humid but i make sure i have loose clothes so other parts of my body can sweat and keep me cooler.the scent is almost unnoticeable which i think is great since i do n't want a lot of any scents during the summer . i get enough attention from insects as it is , thank you.the two clicks of product is more than enough to use though the first time you will need to click many times to get it started . also make sure you use it because if you set it aside for a few months , the product does start to melt in the tube which was scary the first time it happened to me .
= strong so be wary when using
< works well

> this juice-based energy drink is a nice alternative to the usual very-artificial choices like redbull and monster energy.the jamba juice is apple-flavored , but does n't taste very much like real apples . it uses stevia , a 0-calorie plant-based sweetener . there are other flavors available as well.for a coffee drinker like me , there 's not much buzz from this drink ; i had to strain to discern its effect . and it definitely does n't have the immediate effect of redbull for me . it 's not clear if that 's the fault of the modest 80mg of caffeine ( which would be on the low end for a 7oz serving of coffee , according to wikipedia ) , or the lack of taurine found in redbull , or the lower sugar content.while the taste is a lot more natural than other brands , this could use more apple flavor and some vitamin c.recommended for those seeking a more natural energy drink , or who are too sensitive to caffeine to consume stronger selections . others may find this too mild a choice .
= more natural energy drink
< nice alternative to redbull and redbull

> the only disappointing thing about read the girl who played with fire is the realization that the author of this excellent book passed away in 2004. this is the second book in stieg larsson 's trilogy featuring journalist mikael blomqvist and computer hacker lisbeth salander . the first book was the amazingthe girl with the dragon tattoo ( vintage ) . this book is every bit as good as the first . salander becomes the prime suspect in three murders and ultimately needs the help of blomqvist , a person that she never wanted to see again . salander is a great character that is so complex that she even surprises herself with her feelings told blomqvist . the authorities are hell bent to catch salander and prove that she killed two individuals that were working on the sex trade . the plot thickens as some members of the swedish police are suspected of being customers . revenge , drama , mystery and suspense all feature in this excellent 5 star novel . highly recommended !
= mikael blomqvist and lisbeth salander back on the case
< revenge and suspense

> i took this sunscreen with me to universal studios and am happy with the way it protected my skin . i was in the hot florida sun all day and did not experience any burning on my face , neck , ears or arms , where i normally crisp up bright red in a matter of minutes . my skin is very sensitive , but did not experience any negative reactions to the lotion.as for the `` coolzone '' aspect , i will say that as soon as you apply it you feel a refreshing tingly feeling that is most likely due to menthol . this is very enjoyable , especially during re-application , but after about 15 minutes the cool disappears and it 's back to regular sunscreen.overall : great sunscreen from banana boat that is n't too greasy and protects skin from uvs . the 'coolzone ' feature is cool , but short-lived , so consider it a perk but not anything special . i give this sunscreen a solid recommendation .
= good sunscreen , although the `` cool '' does n't last long
< great sunscreen , but not for sensitive skin

> the package was pretty easy to open but the content squirted out a bit and stained my shirt . the flavor is n't that great . i really disliked it the first time and did n't finish the drink . i 've tried mio and that took a bit to get used to but i liked having some water with a little flavoring so i kept using it . i tried vitamin squeeze again and finished the glass . it was better but again , when i took the bottle out of the cupboard , i happened to squeeze it lightly and some squirted on the counter and floor . the lid was still on . i used a weaker amount where i did n't taste the vitamin squeeze as much and enjoyed the water . i do n't think i 'll purchase this product on my own . the stains on my shirt did come out and the counter and floor clean up was fine .
= not the most attractive taste
< not bad , but not great

> the book , which i ca n't even remember where i read the original raves about it , should be required reading for every school in the country . as a knock your socks off companion piece to 'the diary of anne frank ' , ' ... thief ' captures the german side of the war through the story of a young girl being raised by foster parents who end up hiding a jewish man in their basement . the catch , or the device if you will , is that the compelling , and nearly not depressing ( considering the subject ) story is told by death himself . this is the book to read in those book clubs after you 've all been looking for something like 'the kite runner ' . it 's human , personal , and wonderfully written , and hopefully wo n't get lost on the shelves of young adult fiction . this is something everyone should be reading .
= this is a book that everyone should be reading .
< a compelling , compelling , and compelling book

> the title of my review says it all . this movie was n't really that scary to me , but it was very disturbing and of course intense . i liked all the different traps that the killer used to lure his prey into killing themselves . sure it borrowed a lot from seven ( i half expected kevin spacey to show up at the end ) in it 's mood and the reasons for killing what seems like normal people . the only downside side is the acting by the two guys in the room chained to the pipes . the acting by the two is fairly good through the first half of the film , but it gets worse when they are in panic mode . the ending blew me away and easily makes up for the small flaws of the film . the jigsaw killers final line in the film will be mine as well . game over !
= intense ! ! !
< a scary movie

> this book was fan-tab-u-lous ! first of all , if you have n't read the first one , please read it to really enjoy this installment . you do n't have to have to , but it really would make much more sense . plus the first one 's fabulous as well.anyway , so trevor and liz have a long history of friendship . one night they take things up a notch and bam ! trevor wo n't even speak to liz.then all hell breaks loose for these two . they go from friends to nothing to bestest friends and it 's all really fast - but exceptionally hot ! i loved trevor . he is way ott alpha and the sex is ott hot ! liz is great too - she was n't a floor mat at all for our alpha and i enjoyed the sparring.read this , it 's great , i promise you 'll enjoy it !
= great book !
< trevor and liz

> what else can be said about jaws ( 1975 ) ? this spielberg mega classic still has the same effect on this viewer nearly four decades after i saw it for the first time the summer it came out . so many of us are still afraid to go into the water ! i got to see the mechanical shark that was used in the movie at universal studios back in '76 . this movie has good acting , the movie is frightening , the characters are memorable , and the script is excellent . and did i mention the special effects ? superb , considering it came out in the mid 1970s ( who needs that annoying and cartoonish cgi ? ) .if you 're up for a different kind of horror film , then jaws will deliver . you need to see this blockbuster mega classic.extremely highly recommended ! ! ! !
= blockbuster mega classic
< `` i 'm a classic ! ''

> yuban breakfast blend is a tasty and smooth coffee that 'll satisfy any morning person 's taste buds . the flavor is outstanding and it goes down real nicely . a perfect compliment to your breakfast . it 's a full flavor mild blend that 'll waken your senses without being either bitter or overpowering , the coffee beans are already grounded sodo n't worry about having to dig around for that noisy bean grinder . if you 're a environmentally conscious consumer , do n't worry because the coffee beans were picked from farms that are affiliated with the rain forest alliance and they 're organic . so the next time you have a cup of this mild blend you wont feel so guilty.i highly recommend this coffee . if you want to start your day off right , go out and grab a bag today .
= a delicious coffee blend from yuban
< tasty and smooth

> i enjoyed the taste of this aloe water . it tasted very sweet and i did n't feel that it had an aftertaste . i 've also drank pure aloe before so , compared to that , this water was a pleasure to taste.i did offer small shot-sized samples to my immeidate family . the results were not positive . my husband thought it was disgusting , my teenager was `` meh '' , of the two younger children , one could not get past the smell and the other tasted it and spit it in the sink.since i did like it and would purchase it ( if it were n't so expensive ) , i am going to give it 4-stars . i 'm docking a star because it is just not realistically `` priced to sell '' .
= i 'd purchase this regularly if it were n't so overpriced
< sweet and sweet

> this was definitely one of those novels that you cant put down once you start reading it . it was easy to get attached to the characters and you feel all their joys and pains . the center characters are henry , raised in a strict and patriotic chinese family , and keiko , a second generation japanese . both caught up with the fear in the ww2 and the internment of the japanese community : another sordid piece of american history . the author did a great job in focusing the reader on the emotional impact on people 's lives and how people 's fear justified all these action ; and as is always in life , the lesson is that love survives and overrides all of human 's cruelty . loved it .
= very touching and ca n't put down novel !
< a great action thriller

> this is a set of sturdy boxes that are easy to assemble ; your 10 year old kid could assemble this one in few seconds . it comes in tape-free design , but the closing tab is not designed well . it may ware off after three or four use . my wife uses these boxes to store dvd 's old vhs cassettes and papers documents . you may also use this when you are moving . i think they can carry some heavy stuff . the boxes are about the right size for an adult to hold in their hands . it is a worth a try.1.whitney design cotton canvas general storage box2.sterilite 16598008 56 quart clear storage box see-through with white lid 8-pack3.plano molding 1819-00 xxl storage box
= storage boxes you may need
< sturdy boxes

> this is one of the best books i have read so far . it is not just a romance novel , but a book written with such detail to depict the iraq war , the conflicts that battle from within , the lives that are affected , the decisions made to survive , forgiveness for others and self and the ultimate sacrifice to love and be loved . this is the 1st reading of a jasinda wilder novel , but i must give high praises for how she makes you feel for the characters of raina and hunter , their 1st person storytelling is epic . read this book , it will keep you wanting more . great read , omg ! love , love , hunter lee .
= amazing , amazing story ! ! ! omg ... .
< one of the best books of a jasinda wilder novel

> i have always liked netflix and am remaining a customer because they are bringing arrested development back to me ... so for that i would give them 10 stars . however , i have the streaming membership because i am not organized enough to effectively send back dvds and get new ones . i prefer stream when i like . that 's a great service . however ... huge issues with freezing or resetting when watching movies during peak hours . prime time . my internet does n't slow down , i can stream fine from amazon prime . netflix needs to pick it up or those who are n't die hard arrested development fans might just say forget it .
= runs slow at peak times
< not for me

> the devil wears prada starring meryl streep , anne hathway , and emily blunt is deliciously sinful . streep has never played such a feisty , fearless , and bitchy character ! and by the way honey , a size 6 is not fat ( thank you very much ! ) hathway brings vunerability and strength to her character , blunt is hilarious as well as she tries to dodge unwanted criticism from miranda ( streep ) . the devil wears prada can be mean at times but the somwewhat sappy ending makes up for it . great fashion , clever story , and an outstanding cast is what you 'll get from this summer blockbuster . have fun !
= wickedly entertaining !
< the devil wears prada

> viewers who like westerns will enjoy this film . it has a gun fighter , many gun fights , indians battling , references to acts during the civil war , and criminal bands . those who like sci-fi will also like it . it has aliens who come to earth in search of something , which i will not reveal . they also kidnap humans . the film has the hero involved with two women at two different times . it also has two stories about the relationship of a boy and his father in one and grandfather in the other . it is suspenseful and well acted .
= well acted western and sci-fi film with a love story
< a good movie

> what an ending . i snapped at my son for interrupting me while i was reading it . hudson 's family is messed up ! ! ! this book was even better than the first . these are two very dysfunctional people who function perfectly together . this was fast paced and dramatic ! this book was full of passion and deceit . i loved it . i am so glad i download the next book . i ca n't wait to see how it all turns out .
= i am breathless
< wow ! ! !

> have been shaving with an electric and an old schick that is now hard to find replacement blades for . what a difference , did not realize how a blade razor could be improved this much . very smooth shaving , glides easily across my face . a real pleasure to use , as if shaving is a pleasure ! -- -- i can truly recommend this product as i am not using the electric at all after trying this , faster and smoother .
= i 'm impressed !
< great for my shaving

> this movie deviates in some parts from the canon established by the comics , but it is still worth watching . the movie has some pretty great effects , and tobey does a nice job in his role as peter parker . the important parts of the comic book are adhered to - uncle ben 's death , the radioactive spider , etc . if you also liked the tv show , you should enjoy this .
= cool movie
< great movie

> i normally use dreft for all my babies clothing . this soap is a nice change-up . it does n't really have a smell to it ( which i appreciate ) and it leaves her clothing clean , soft and they do n't irritate her skin . i like how this comes in a two pack as well . i highly recommend this item .
= nice change-up !
< nice change-up

> this flavor of this drink is the better of them . really nice and sweet . not overdone , not weak , just right . my only complaint with these drinks is that they are carbonated . i wish they were n't . but if i had to choose between this and the other ... i would choose this flavor again .
= actually 4.5 starts
< very sweet

> if this book is that good , why not 5 stars ? that one star deduction will be for the cliff hanger . the story is surprisingly very thought provoking though . i hope drew knows what 's best for him and come back to fable in the next book . good story line and well written . highly recommended .
= so good
< good story

> this book had it all . i read a few of the not so good reviews but i still went in with an open mind . the characters and the story or awesome . i would n't mind more of abby and jake or even maybe a love interest for aj .
= fantastic
< aj

> twenty minutes in the little kids were done . the artwork was incredible , the story not . there may have been two small laughs . not enough to buy the dvd or watch it again .
= leave the little ones home
< great artwork , great artwork

> this is a cherry flavored chewable b12 lozenge . methylcobalamin is better than other forms of b12 in that it is more readily absorbed/utilized and retained than other forms you might find on the supermarket shelf . if you 've been identified as a person who would benefit from b-12 , or you 've made that determination yourself , this is a good starting point . you 're going to get a blast of b12 from a lozenge - about 83,330 % of the rdv to be exact . however , with digestive absorption , you will not get the full amount in practice.the benefits of b12 are easily researched and not of importance in this review . what is important is the company , and jarrow seems to be a reputable supplier of supplements . i take several of their supplements daily and i have never encountered an issue or a qc problem . on the downside , there is not an easy way to see the ingredient list on the product description . hop on over to jarrow 's website to learn more and you 'll find that a lozenge has these other ingredients : xylitol , cellulose , stearic acid ( vegetable source ) , natural flavor , magnesium stearate ( vegetable source ) , citric acid and silicon dioxide . in addition , there 's no wheat , no gluten , no soybeans , no dairy , no egg , no fish/shellfish , no peanuts/tree nuts . the xylitol is a concern for me because xylitol typically causes me to have `` stomach issues . '' otherwise , i can live with the other ingredients . just know it is not a pure b12 pill that you would swallow - it is a flavored lozenge.overall , i notice some benefit from taking these . they are tasty and easy to tolerate . i would probably buy then again .
= high potency lozenge form of methyl-b12
< better than other b12 lozenge

> dark side of the moon is pink floyd 's most popular recording , and for good reason . from start to finish , this album exhibits technical and instrumental excellence . not since the beatles ' `` revolver '' or the beach boys ' `` pet sounds '' has one recording been so influential for musicians and studio engineers alike . it is also their first true concept album , centered around two of roger waters ' favorite subjects - despair and insanity . the songs seamlessly tie together , giving the illusion of one magnum opus , which it is . memorable cuts include 'breathe ' , 'time ' , 'money ' , and 'us and them ' , though each one is tremendous in its own right . but unlike most of pink floyd 's albums , the guitar does n't play a big part , though it does n't seem to take away from the experience one bit . not only is this required for all floyd fans , it is essential for all fans of rock 'n ' roll ... period . dark side of the moon did n't remain on billboard 's charts nearly 15 years by accident . this is one of rock 's most triumphant moments , and it got me , like many other people , into the band . they are now my second favorite band ( the beatles being my absolute favorite ) , and `` piper at the gates of dawn '' is my favorite pf album.so , do yourself a favor , and buy this album , or download it . just get it . it 's awesome . they definitely do n't make music like this anymore , sadly.- zack , 16 years old
= one of pink floyd 's greatest achievements !
< the best of the pink floyd

> the film incorporates wikileaks as the new problem child for moses frank ( bruce willis ) and company . an article claims he and marvin ( john malkovich ) were involved in a 1979 operation called `` night shade . '' they have become wanted men.in an expanded role sarah ( mary-louise parker ) our meek lady from kansas has become a thrill seeker and joins the group as they travel the world to find `` night shade . '' in addition to interpol and the feds looking for our heroes , there is also a hitman ( byung-hun lee ) after them and victoria ( helen mirren ) is also contracted to kill them ... malkovich proclaims `` friends do n't take out a contract on friends . '' they are allied by kgb agent katja ( catherine zeta-jones ) to the displeasure of sweet innocent sarah who says ... '' ca n't we just kill her ? `` the film is filled with malkovich one liners which we enjoyed in the first movie . the expanded role of sarah added to the feature . this is perhaps a notch below the first installment , but a worthy action-comedy sequel that will be in my collection when it comes out.parental guide : no sex or nudity . one half spoken f-bomb .
= what happens in the kremlin , stays in the kremlin
< the film is a classic

> here 's the thing about stephen king ... . he scares the bejeezus out of me.seriously . so , i 'm going to tell you a story about picking this book up . no joke at all . this is what happened.i picked up the shining around 9pm at night . i wanted to read , it was there , it needed to be read . but i 'd heard horrors about anthony hopkins and that hotel in colorado and.. i wanted to be able to sleep . so i told myself - i 'll read 'til it gets scary.150 pages later , i thought.. huh , this is n't that bad . i 'll keep reading ... then my mind began to process everything coming through it and oh my gosh i could not close my eyes.i fully expected lots of gore , lots of slashing madness , but what i did n't expect was the psychological impact something like a shaking elevator , or locking someone in a walk-in fridge would do to me . my hands were shaking as i read the book , but.. to be honest , it was a lot of fun and i ca n't wait to muster the courage to dive into my next stephen king adventure - `` it '' .
= review of the shining
< i 'm going to be read this book down !

> this movie is just like a terminator : it crashes around , makes alot of loud noise but is actually brain-dead . this film was supposed to be a `` blockbuster '' but i did'nt get that impression when i was watching it . the arnold is the only actor from the original film who plays the same character that he did in the firat 2 films.terminator 3 's big `` draw '' ? a female terminator ! ( whoopee.. ) she blows up stuff real good , can inflate her cha-cha 's and can make cars drive themselves by taking over their cruise control systems . this movie 's writers should have tried activatating their car 's cruise control and letting go of the wheel : presto -no more bad scripts.as i was watching this tribute to destruction , i kept asking myself `` would'nt the terminators cause a moebius strip ? `` , an endless loop in time : kid grows up into terminator controlled world -- > sends terminator to past -- > terminator saves kid in past -- > kid grows up into ... ... bottom line : the movie is ok if you do not think too much while watching it .
= yeeehaw ! ! stuff blows up real good ! ! including the plot..
< i was watching this movie .

> south beach living - fiber fit - mocha granola bars are interesting . upon opening the individual 1.23 oz package my eyes were pleased to find a collection of chocolate ( mocha flavored ) , granola , caramel and other goodies . i took a chewy bite and the first thing i noticed was the strong flavor of mocha - too much mocha . otherwise the bar ate well and was satisfying as a substitute for my morning cereal . looking at the back of the bar package and the first thing that jumped out was 2.5g of saturated fat - albeit `` 0 '' trans fat , 25 grams of carbohydrate ( with 9 grams of sugar , and trailing was 2 grams of protein . 120 calories came from all the many grains and food ingredients . i think this product could have been manufactured with less saturated fat and sugar.i think this product would have been tastier to my palate had the mocha flavor been toned down . if kraft should decide to make say a dark chocolate product i think i might be interested in buying . however it will not be a substitute for my cheerios each morning !
= good but could be better
< interesting flavor , but not a substitute for my cheerios

> first of , i am a fan of the fact that the container itself is compact and does n't take up a lot of space in my limited laundry area . many other types of liquids of powders come in huge containers that are sometimes difficult to store . in addition , it is a natural product and thus environmentally friendly , and the bottles are made of 100 % recycled plastic . we tried this on several loads , including clothes and curtains that were flooded in hurricane sandy , unfortunately , and it was very gentle , yet did n't irritate our skin , as others had . the clothes and curtains from hurricane sandy , came out fresh and without mold smell , which they previously had , due to the disaster.the one criticism we have is that it states it 's geranium/vanilla scent , which it does smell like somewhat in the bottle . however , once our clothes are washed it somehow smells a bit more masculine , like aftershave , which is a bit odd . however , we would consider trying this brand again in another scent-otherwise a great product !
= efficient and environmentally friendly
< great container , but not for me

> as a general fan of seventh generation products , i was quite excited to try this laundry soap . i have found that , although you use about a tablespoon-and-a-half of actual soap , it does a magnificent job of cleaning clothes . no , it will not get out grass stains very easily , but we have very red dirt here and well , there is n't much that gets that stuff out anyway ! the scent reminds me more of a lavender than geranium ( who wants to smell geraniums on their clothes anyway ! ewww ! ) , so do n't shy away from this if you 're worried about the scent . think that they should go back to the ideas room for a different scent idea . maybe skunk-scented ? : ) sarcasm aside , this is a very nice product , one that i 'll be buying for years . it rinses very clean as well , no sticky film , when used in a front-loading washing machine . highly recommend !
= very nice , pleasantly scented
< great scent , works well

> there is a story in this book , i promise you but once you start reading it the plot line falls to the side-lines because lucien and sophie 's time together is hot ! i am going to be honest , i was more entranced with their scenes together than anything else . french wrote the book to where everything played in my head like a movie , a very sexy movie.but i must talk about the plot then i will . lucien hires sophie and finds out that her husband is cheating on her . he whisks her away and shows her what she has been missing with her husband . ( she is missing a lot by the way and it is very nice to read each time she figures that out . ) but the ending , the ending left me needing to know what is going to happen next . how could french leave us with that kind of cliffhanger ? ~bookwhisperer reviewer mc~
= bookwhisperer reviews
< bookwhisperer reviews

> i saw this the weekend it surpassed the matrix reloaded box office , and deservedly so.by now , you 've read more authoratative reviews than i 'm presently inclined to write , so let me just point out a few important points. # 1 : it 's not just for kids and you need not feel ashamed to see it without any children in tow. # 2 : the terrific musical score , possibly the best ever for disney , is newman ... but wait , that 's thomas , not randy . definitely enhances the movie. # 3 : the underwater scenes are indeed a feast for your eyes.this is the best major studio release so far this summer , and i seldom make such qualiatative statements . it 's a cinch to be disney 's first win of a best animated film oscar , and depending on the quality of oscar worthy movies , should be a contender for best picture .
= the # 1 summer hit
< the best disney film ever made

> we are a very fair family and we farm in high altitudes . sunscreen is an ongoing obsession of mine . i was pleased to find that the cotz pediatric genuinely goes on clear . many that say they do , do not . it is n't a huge deal . but we have more than a handful of pictures of kids with ghost face from sunscreens that left a white cast.the coverage is great . it goes on easily . it stayed put and prevented sunburn . however , it is greasy and a touch sticky ( like almost all sunscreens ) . it picks up dirt and grit easily . second , my kid with very sensitive skin found it irritating . that is not unusual for her . but it did make her face feel hot and itchy .
= good protection but greasy and can irritate
< great for sensitive skin

> i was happy to get more of jack henry and laurelyn but i just did n't love this book like i did the first two books . i really ca n't put a finger on exactly why , it just was missing something . the first part of the book just seemed to go from one sexual encounter to the next and i found myself skimming over them to get to the story . i felt like i never really was engaged with the storyline . it seemed like too many little sub plots just popping up and never really being developed . i did enjoy the alternating pov , was nice to get some inside thoughts from them . all in all it had a hea and worth the reading even though not my favorite .
= hea
< did n't love it

> okay so i did n't expect anything spectacular but both my husband and i tried this and we were both a little dumbfounded . i do n't really know how to explain it and all my husband had to say was it tasted `` soft '' we have filtered water and it there was a difference . this water is refreshing . worth the price ? ummm , not in my opinion . i think we are an average household and there 's no way we would afford to drink this on a regular basis . we do want to stress that we did like the water , but not for this price . i 'll stick to my filtered/bottled water .
= it tastes ultra clean
< not for me

> i think i liked the first one slightly more , since there were fewer characters to move from and the wait between finding out what happened to each one was not quite so long , yet , regardless , this was still a superb work of fiction . i find myself completely wrapped up in the lives of these people . i find myself cheering for the most unlikely characters and feeling sorry for some of the more wicked ones . these are definitely multi-dementional characters and the skill in which martin shows them to the reader is amazing . i ca n't wait to get my hands on the the third and fourth of this series .
= wonderful
< a great first book

> ralphie 's story is one of childhood want . all he wants is a trusty red ryder bb gun for christmas , but is constantly told & quot ; you 'll shoot your eye out ! & quot ; his young mind schemes to get the gun and the cut-in scenes of his daydreams are hilarious . the movie 's setting ( the 1940s ) is a simple time , but there is so much texture to the story with the neighbors dogs , the school bully , the leg lamp and the famous 'oh f-f-f-fudge ! ' scene . this movie is a holiday classic , even more so to me than the grinch .
= timeless
< a holiday classic !

> werther 's original caramel chocolates are smooth , creamy , and delicious ! the thin , oval shaped chocolates are individually wrapped in gold colored foil . the chocolate itself is a little work of art in itself - the waves of caramel colored chocolate are seamlessly fused with the waves of chocolate . there is no liquid caramel in the chocolate , like most caramel chocolates - the caramel itself is mixed in the chocolate.the candy melts smoothly in your mouth , is not overbearingly sweet , and is just the right size for a quick treat . i could easily eat a bag of these in one sitting ! highly recommended !
= smooth , creamy , and delicious chocolates
< delicious !

> nearly perfect movie , preserved to perfection on dvd for your collection ! the bonus features have some nifty moments , altho ' no great revelations for afficiandoes.definitely a must-own for film buffs ; like you need an excuse to watch it again ! my only regret is that there is no commentary track ... i ca n't believe with all this film gave to those involved that they did n't want to contribute more to the dvd than release the usual epk interviews . too bad !
= best of the best !
< the best movie of the year !

> i like the idea of 0 added sugar with fruit flavor . i liked the flavor , but really could have done without the carbonation . there was n't a lot , just enough to notice , but it took away from the fruit flavor . i drank the whole thing and it was ok , but i 'm not sure i 'm ready to switch . maybe a second chance is in order since i 've had a cold and not tasting everything just right .
= it 's different
< not bad

> fallen by evanescence is a pop/rock album gone wrong . amy lee 's vocals are good but then after you hear the songs again , her voice gets annoying and over-done , it is all too much to take in . my immortal , going under , and bring me to life just fade with time , i never want to hear those songs again . the only track with meaning is everybody 's fool . evanesence is one band i wish would go away !
= once is enough .
< fallen by evanescence

> playtex gentle glide fresh scent super are extremely absorbent and comfortable . just like other playtex brands you never have to worry about leaking . and unlike the those big bulky old cardboard ones of the past these are small and convenient so they can fit in your handbag or purse.as for the scent it 's very subtle . i would definitely give these a try , and although i 'm not sure it really matters if you have the extra scented version or not .
= playtex gentle glide now with a fresh scent !
< playtex gentle glide fresh glide fresh scent

> gees a cliffhanger ? ! ? ! ? ! ? what the heck is on the video ? ? i did n't know who to trust in this book ! ! but something with cecile just did n't add up . the book definitely kept my attention wondering what direction it was going to go . and do you think cecile and hudson are playing the game together ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
= i hoped for no cliffhanger ! ! !
< i

> i have been using the tide pods but i thought i would try a new product . this tide has amazing smell when you are doing the wash and stays in your clothes . it has been getting stains out well but i found the my static cling has become an issue . over all a nice product - made my whole house smell great -- so that was a bonus .
= great smell
< great product

> it 's an all right movie . however there is just too many curses and bad words , which is normal for this generation , but it just felt like it was way too much of it in the movie . it was funny however at times . liked the ending more than the rest of the movie . good acting too .
= 3-4 stars
< it 's okay

> i did not like this book at all . it drug on from beginning till end . i skipped most if the book . in the beginning of the book it took almost 5 pages of brooke saying she was n't getting on a helicopter.. really ! ! ! i have read the whole series this was by far the worst ...
= treasure your love
< not what i expected

> this vaseline lip therapy comes in a super cute packaging . it is teeny tiny and perfect to fit in your handbag or pocket . it has a nice light cocoa butter scent ; not overwhelming at all . it leaves my lips nice and soft and smooth . when this one runs out i will be buying it again !
= love it
< cute and cute

> really enjoyed this book ! it was so heartbreaking but i think it needed to happen for both of them ! such a great book and ending ! dont know how i feel about the quick movement of the story but it worked for this book .
= great book !
< great book !

> it 's the story of 1890 's france told to the tune of 20th century music and choreography . if you expect a true period piece , realign your expectations . this is a grand tour de farce and a cult classic .
= mind blowing
< the tour de farce

> damien and savi where meant to be together . it is a riveting love story of a pair of tormented souls that find each other and do not give up . i could not put the book down . very emotional ! !
= wow
< a must read !

> loved the first one , thought the 2nd was pretty good , this one i did not like . i 'm not into spoilers . if you 've come this far , then you will read it .
= it 's done
< good

> this book has so many ups and downs but it 's awesome . i still loved drake and logan . i loved danny and his big heart even more . i loved the hea .
= rollercoaster
< loved it !

> i loved this book ! it has so many twist in it . i love nikki fairchild she strong . i really hope that their is another book coming soon..
= absolutely amazing !
< loved it !

> watch this with someone else , lights off . do n't let anyone spoil this one for you - its a good twist ! ! !
= do n't let anyone spoil the ending for you !
< good book

> i have never read the books , but i knew enough about them to know this is n't at all like that twilight garbage . the hunger games appeals to both genders and all ages . hundreds of years in the future , one girl and boy ages 12-18 are chosen from each of the 12 districts to fight to the death in the annual hunger games . this is punishment for a rebellion that happened in the past when the capital was attacked by `` lower '' peoples . the capital city has all the money and power , so every district is poor and low on food.the acting is very good all around , with jennifer lawrence stealing the show as katniss everdeen . she is tough , smart and a character the audience has no problem rooting for . woody harrelson has his fair share of funny lines as her mentor . elizabeth banks hides behind some hideous make-up and costumes , which made for a memorable character . even lenny kravitz shows up in a small role.the action scenes are not really as graphic as they should be ( pg-13 of course ) , but they do show the kids being killed in quick cuts and sometimes even a few splashes of blood . after a nice build up , it 's not quite as thrilling as it could have been once the games start , but i never checked my watch once and the 2 and 1/2 hours flew by.after making 70 million dollars on friday alone , i will be looking forward to the next two installments.i 'm going to check out the japanese film called battle royale ( 2000 ) , which is nearly the same thing , but with a hard r rating . the author of the hunger games claims she never saw that movie , thus she did n't rip-off from it.4 and 1/2 out of 5 stars
= `` are you not entertained ? ! ''
< the hunger games

> the film brings to the screen the story of ( the very well known by now ) harry potter , a boy , who discovers that he has significant magic powers . if that was n't enough , he soon realizes that there might be more to his existence than he would ever have thought possible ... harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone is a highly entertaining , action-packed adventure with strong elements of fantasy , not to mention some very witty humor.daniel radcliffe , rupert grint , emma watson , tom felton , alan rickman , and the rest of the cast have truly outdone themselves with their performances , which are exceptional to say the least ! all the actors , without exceptions , give it their 100 % and it really shows ( the chemistry is amazing ) ! very well written and very well presented , the movie is without a doubt one that can be watched over and over again.the concept , the setting , the special effects , and the music , are all excellent ! harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone is guaranteed to provide for an evening 's entertainment . in addition , it is one of those films that gets you and keeps you thinking long after it 's over . in short , harry potter and the sorcerer 's stone is a movie definitely worth watching and one to seriously consider adding to your movie collection !
= excellent !
< `` i 'm a classic ! ''

> i usually do n't care for scented detergents , but tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent , spring and renewal has a very pleasant scent . it leaves your clothes smelling clean and fresh and new . i really ca n't name a specific smell ... it is just nice , lasts a long time , and leaves my two stinky kids and my husband smelling great.the 92 ounce bottle of tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent , spring and renewal also lasts a long time . i 've been using this bottle for about 6 weeks now , and there are still some loads left . my husband recently bought me a new , much larger washing machine , so i am now doing fewer , but bigger loads . but with tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent , spring and renewal i do not need more detergent per load , in fact , since this is an he ( high efficiency ) detergent , i am using less ! additionally , with tide , i can wash all of my family 's clothes with the tap water setting ( not hot or cold ) , and my clothes come out really clean . even old stains disappear . so using tide plus febreze freshness liquid laundry detergent , spring and renewal gives me really clean clothes , and i spend less money . win , win !
= love the scent !
< tide plus febreze freshness

> let me begin by saying that i approached my viewing of this film without knowing much about the autobot world of transformers . i was well past the age of interest in such things when the hasbro toys hit the market and to be honest i probably would n't have been interested even if i had been a young adolescent at the time . i happen to be one of those aberrant males who never developed an interest in things mechanical , especially cars . hence you can imagine how uninspiring the thought of a feature film about a robotic alien race that can shapeshift into cars , trucks and planes must have sounded to me.having given my disclaimer i must now admit that i loved the film ! the special effects were mind-boggling and the storyline fast and furious , with a infectious comedic flavoring spread throughout thanks to the immensely talented shia lebeouf . add to the mix megan fox , one of the most attractive young women i 've seen in quite a while and you 're in for a great adventure that can be enjoyed by all ( well maybe not so enjoyable for girls ) . *you heard it here first section : mark my words , with his innocent , boy-next-door looks and his ability to run non-stop for long distances shia lebeouf is destined to become the next tom cruise in the not-too-distant future .
= `` the mystical bond between man and machine ''
< a great film that will be enjoyed by all ages

> this extremely well-written book takes us back to the columbian exposition of 1893 in chicago , an event that appears to have dropped from sight in american history . it was quite an undertaking , with the stated goal of outclassing the earlier fair in paris , france . the story goes along two tracks , one which covers the fair and its chief architect , and another which covers the career of america 's first serial killer . both tales are very interesting , but obviously the more gruesome story is the more attractive , particularly from the standpoint of the mental state of the perpetrator , and the details ( what are known ) of his crimes . the author does the best he can with some skimpy data on holmes , the killer , but he covers the fair extremely well , and even though we might want to learn even more than he presents to us , his book gives us the flavor of the times and the people involved , and shows what can be done by a city and an organization that pulls together for a common goal . this is a book well worth reading , and you will more than likely learn something new about an almost forgotten part of our collective past .
= the builder and the destroyer
< a book well worth reading

> anyone who says love actually is too saccharine is simply missing the point . as it makes perfectly clear in the beginning , the premise of this movie is that `` love actually is all around . '' nowadays , cynicism is too often confused with wisdom , and `` independent '' movies that go for the cheap `` unhappy '' ending are really just cheating the audience . in the movie , as in life , the characters care about being happy and are ready to put in the work to achieve happiness.there are a lot of stories going on here , so we never delve that deeply into any one of the characters . it may be simply an over-ambitious plot exercise , but i think it succeeds more than it fails . i sat through the movie with a dopey grin on my face and i was never bored . the only story-line that did n't pan out for me was the one concerning laura linney - but i wo n't spoil it.this is a sweet , funny , life-affirming film and very entertaining .
= very entertaining ...
< love actually is all around

> chips ahoy new cookies are really not gooey or even mega fudge . many other cookies are far more fudgey and far more gooey . they are okay to eat , if you do not mind a slight grainy texture . i did receive these on a warm 90+ degree day and tried them immediately , they were much better warm - like right out from the oven . the packaging is also done well , even after shipping there was very little breakage , which means these would travel well , and since they really are n't all that gooey they are not quite as messy as some others.two cookies are about 150 calories , quite a lot for a cookie such as this , there is also 7 grams of fat and 110 mg of sodium , 21 g of carbohydrates . you need to weigh ! the diet choices and decide if these are worth all of that to you . personally i do not think these will be on my future shopping list .
= grainy chewy ... better warm
< not gooey or even mega fudge

> if you want a garden ... grow from seed , even a garden on a city deck would benefit more from using seed and not be as costly , plus you would have the advantage of choosing your own varieties . you really do not get much of a harvest for the cost of these seed pods.this was interesting to use and all except the cilantro grew . the pods you receive are : 1 globe tomato , 1 cherry tomato , 1 cucumber , 1 bush bean , 2 loose-leaf lettuce , 2 butterhead lettuce,1 romaine lettuce , 1 snap pea , 1 smooth-leaf spinach , 1 sweet pepper , 2 basil , 2 cilantro , 2 dill.i wish there was a time limit that these would be sent out . receiving a salad garden to plant and grow during the hottest part of july is not conducive to success , no matter what you do and by the time the garden grows in many sections of the country the frost date will beat the harvest .
= teach from seed
< good for a garden ...

> i typically do n't purchase energy drinks ; i get my caffeine fix from coffee . this all natural energy drink is very lightly favored ; it has a very subtle strawberry banana favor . there is no aftertaste as i have found with other energy drinks i 've tried . it reminds me of a flavored water.ingredients : apple juice and lemon juice ( water , juice concentrates ) , water , apple puree , strawberry puree , banana puree , natural flavor , caffeine , extract of stevia ( natural sweetener ) , carbonation added . ( contains 70 % juice ) ~ i was happy to be able to recognize all of the ingredients.nutrition facts : calories 90 , total fat 0 , sodium 15mg , potassium 190mg , total carbohydrates 22g , sugars 20g , protein 0g.for those of you on the weightwatchers point plus program , like me , this energy drink is 2 points.i did n't feel any rush of energy ; about typical effect of a cup of coffee .
= light flavor ; no aftertaste
< very lightly favored drink

> this wonderful story set in the south during the sixties buzzes to a great pitch when fourteen-year-old owen , fed up with her father 's abuse and neglect , sets out to find answers to her mother 's dark and poignant death . all she possesses is the image of a black madonna -- a gift from her mother . what transpires is a beautiful coming-of-age story that captures the reader 's heart.i love this book . the characters are extraordinarily vivid -- timeless and alive -- especially the beekeeping sisters . also , the backdrop of the south is insightful and exquisite . southern fiction has scarcely been this good ! this is a tale by a master storyteller , without the tiresome formula that accompanies most of today 's popular fiction . i did n't want this book to end , and savored the final few pages . i consider myself quite fortunate to have discovered it , and will read everything else by this skilled author ...
= buzzes to a great pitch !
< a beautiful coming-of-age story

> i have purchased a lot of different personal wipes to remove makeupwith mostly . i know this is a `` sport body wipe '' but i needed toremove makeup on a hot humid day and this product did it..it isalcohol free and did not irritate my skin . i was very careful tokeep it away from my eyes as i have another wipe for eye makeup.this sure took off the mineral makeup like a breeze ! and it has agreat smell , i can not quite place it , its fresh with a bit of asweet fruit scent , i found it to be pleasant . its a nice travelpack of 24 wipes , it says its flushable , personally i would not flushit , as a home owner i would like to think no one would flush this kindof product ... put it in the trashcan . i would purchase this product , it 's especially a good size for a purse or yoga/gym bag .
= playtex sport playtex sport body wipes travel pack
< works well , but not a good product

> the devil wears prada is a pretty good movie , i thought it was pretty good . the movie is about this collage girl andy ( hathaway ) who gets a job at a fashion magazine as an assistant to the big editor miranda ( streep ) whos is a boss from hell . no matter what andy does she ca n't please her boss . and on top of it her relastionship is on the line . will she stand up to her boss and fix her relastionship or will she let it all go down the toilet . well if ya wan na know go rent it .
= fashion job from hell
< the devil wears prada

> i am a big fan of herbal teas , but when my stomach was feeling sick , i remembered that i had this , and boiled up some water , and made this tea . all i can say is yuk ! the ginger is so over powering , that i could n't taste any lemon or honey . there was kind of a rancid taste to it , and it leaves a horrible after taste . i was thinking about trying to doctor it up with more lemon and honey , but the smell literally got me sick , so i dumped it out .
= i litterally gagged on this stuff
< not bad , but not too much

> the waggin train smoky jerky treats made with real chicken and a hint of brown sugar are a big hit with my doggy ! she does n't like all treats but she likes this one . each piece is huge though ! i blindly pulled one out of the pouch to measure for you and it was approximately 4 inches by 2 inches by 3/8 inch and are kind of tear drop-shaped . the bag says if your dog is 11-25 pounds , give them 1/2 a treat . i like that there are no artificial flavors , colors , or preservatives .
= huge delicious treats that are a hit with my dog .
< my dog likes it !

> i 've always used an ordinary tissue , sometimes moistened , to clean my whiteboard . these erasers do essentially the same thing as tissues , but they do n't shred , they can be re-used , and they 're easy to hold . otherwise there 's nothing about them that convinces me i should actually spend money for them . if you prefer a durable , easy-to-hold , easy-to-use whiteboard eraser , you might invest in this , but if you 're watching your wallet , you can stick to damp tissues .
= okay ? sure . necessary ? no .
< easy to hold , but not a good thing

> the volume of this book was a whopper for some people - but i could hardly complain . as harry ( and his friends ) become older , they learn more , gain more privileges , and gain new opportunities . the ages of everyone is up a few years , so now people are noticing one another . however , this book does not get bogged down with lovey-dovey junk - the plotline is satisfying with enough of everything - action , mystery , drama , and intrigue .
= satisfying installment
< a bit of a good book

> dawson was the perfect gentlemen from the start . when he realized in the club that he wanted grey for himself he made sure his friends disappeared and never uttered a word about her being a. stripper . i felt an occupation her father forced upon her by rejecting her and her dream because of his beliefs . grey was able to overcome the rejection and go on to love dawson the way he wanted to be and feel loved all his life .
= finding love in the wrong place
< loved it !

> from the beginning of the book i already hate kayden , dad what jerk and an abuser , why nobody had reported him for abusing those children , i feel really bad for him though even now he still scare of his dad . poor kayden , he is broken and his mother is something else what kind of mother sit around and let her husband do something like that omg the pain this kid is going through i feel for him .
= wow this was good
< i hate kayden

> i 'm not a coffee drinker so i had my wife try one of these and she said immediately it tasted watered down and was very watery . so much so she wound up pouring it down the drain . she occasionally will drink the starbucks types of coffee drinks and this particular brand/variety was no good to her . if you like watered down , weak flavor this might be your thing , for her it was no winner .
= very watery , if it was n't watered down flavor would be ok .
< not bad

> i can not eat this - it has glycerin in it . all these good qualities it claims it has - these are not any good when it has glycerin in it . a little bad ruins the whole bag of what would have been good.and the bag claims to be `` clusters '' . it is really crumbly - i see no clusters.a waste . i will try to find somebody who will want to eat this .
= glycerin
< glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin glycerin

> i 've been reading this book in little bites since last november , but i 've finally wrapped it . it 's a thoroughly satisfying mystery , with a unique and clever child detective who is especially knowledgable about poison . a dead body is found near our heroine 's home and she is troubled to suspect that the murderer is her own dear father or another of her family members .
= clever child detective
< a great mystery

> it seems a bit too small to be a sandwich bag . i like the design and i am going to use it for makeup or a travel bag . if i had kids , i would give this a dry run with a snack inside , but i do n't want to clean it , so i will use it as i described above .
= i am using it as a makeup or travel bag
< nice design , but not a sandwich bag

> i loved the first book ... i loooooooooved this book ! ! jason is absolutely gorgeous , what a guy in so many ways . becca was so beautiful . this couple just are amazing and so is their story ! looking forward to the release of stripped ... .jasinda you know how to write a great book . thanks !
= fantastic !
< loved it ! !

> this one is hot ! ! ! i ca n't wait for the next installment . lucien is something else ... ..it is definitely worth the $ 2.99 . buy it today but make sure you have time to sit down and start it immediately .
= wow and more wow
< hot ! ! !

> it is a book that i could not put down . i read it in less than two days . it is that awesome . i really recommend it . it will leave you wanting more .
= great book
< love it

> i keep wanting more of travis and abby and i 'm glad we keep getting these little bits but i would love more on all the maddox boys ! looking forward to more from jamie !
= yay ! !
< loved it !

> it 's a little like pretty woman with rough sex . you can see the threat ahead but you do n't anticipate the final turn . so now we wait for book 2 .
= wait & see ...
< wow

> wow my stomach has been in knots all day trying to read a page here and there wondering if kiera ... ... ... ... .read the rest of my review on my blog iloveladyporn.com
= heart wrenching and heart warming
< wow

> this was a pretty good read . i did n't want it to end . i would n't mind reading more . i hope there will be a second book .
= throttle me
< pretty good

> i find it difficult to wax on poetically about deodorant so let 's keep it short and sweet : it does the job and does it well .
= does the job
< works well

> great romance . i can not wait for the continuing story of nikki and damien . j. kenner keep you on your toes and wanting more .
= claim me
< loved it

> great taste , solid flavor , sparlking . good thirst quencher that is a great substitute for soda .
= solid
< great taste

> i became a big fan of liane moriarty 's novels after reading `` the hypnotist 's love story '' ; she writes compellingly and realistically of modern marriage , betrayal , joy and heartbreak . so i was thrilled to have the opportunity to review her latest , `` the husband 's secret '' , which i thoroughly enjoyed.there are three main characters , cecilia , rachel and tess , who are all experiencing upheavals in their lives . moriarty excels at describing how the quotidian details of one 's life can change due to the `` before and after '' of cataclysmic events . she deftly uses both tupperware and the berlin wall as metaphors for sealing in and keeping out.the novel is about secrets , and i do n't want to reveal any of them because moriarty does it so brilliantly in the novel . basically we are asked , as observers , to contemplate how a person can live with a huge and terrible , secret . and how can you live knowing someone else 's huge and terrible secret ? human existence is complicated and messy and far from black and white/good and bad . humans make strange and often irrational choices . are they always indefensible ? these are the kinds of things that moriarty is so good at dissecting for her readers , and why we keep coming back for more.without revealing anything , i want to say a word about the ending . i expect some readers are going to have a problem with the climax and the denouement . i thought about it for a while after finishing the book and before sitting down to write this review , and i decided that i 'm fine with it . i think moriarty made the right writing and plot choices here and it worked for me . i highly recommend this novel .
= a compelling novel about secrets , huge and terrible
< a great novel

> as far as adaptations of old american novels go , tim burton 's visually rich , tightly composed , resplendent version of washington irving 's 'the legend of sleepy hollow ' ranks in the top echelon . the script for the screen is the work of kevin yagher and andrew kevin walker and while it takes some liberties from irving 's story , the resulting dialogue and action pacing are so wholly in keeping with burton 's vision that it feels like an original story.much of the magnificence of this film is due to the atmospheric set design by rick heinrichs ( with art direction by ken court , john dexter , and andy nicholson with set decoration by peter young ) and colleen atwood 's extraordinary costumes . it is not usual to credit these artists when reviewing a film , but their contributions are an integral part of the success of the movie.as far as acting , johnny depp as ichabod crane shines in a fully nuanced character portrayal complete with paraphernalia and ticks and mild madness . he is ably supported by christina ricci ( in one of her finest moments ) , and a troupe of brilliant actors that includes michael gambon , miranda richardson , casper van dien , jeffrey jones , richard griffiths , christopher lee , and ian mcdiarmid . they appear as though they are daguerreotypes , so perfectly in keeping with the time and period and mannerisms of irving 's novel . the musical score by danny elfman and cinematography by emmanuel lubezki are synchronous with tim burton 's brilliant direction . this is a treasure of a film . highly recommended . grady harp , september 05
= tim burton 's visually stunning masterpiece
< a treasure of burton 's vision

> sometimes i am just a sucker for a good love story . and getting one set on such a historic vessell ( brief as it 's history may be ) ... well , who can beat that ? this film 's $ 200,000,000 budget was worth every penny . not only could you find yourself rooting for these star-crossed lovers from minute # 1 , but the amazing set design and special effects showed us just how expansive the mighty ocean really was , even for a ship as grand as the titanic . this was especially prevalent when this mighty vessel met her ultimate and , if you know anything about history , inevitable fate on april 14 , 1912 ( if i just spoiled the movie for you , my apologies . ) nevertheless , you find yourself rooting for these characters and their journey to america . that can only be possible because of the 120 % effort that was put into absolutely every aspect of this movie . i do n't even know how anyone could ever do a remake of this down the road ( i 'm not counting the 3-d version that came out last year . i 'm talking about someone doing this film all over again . ) i 'd say that this is a must-have no matter what type of movies you normally enjoy .
= for all the suckers like me ...
< a great love story

> i have been using the jarrow formula magmind for nearly two weeks and this time i have experienced something likeflowers for algernon . somewhat embarrassingly , prior to using magmind i had difficulty in grasping all of the implications of einstein 's theory of special relativety - now i understand the uniqueness of light relative to time ... and time travel.ok ... now for the serious part of the review ! i have enjoyed using the jarrow formula magmind supplement . i ca n't say that i have gained any type of intense improvement in my concentration or cognitive ability but there may some slight improvement . one thing it does seem like they help me fall asleep a little faster ( and deeper ) at night . it seems like i am able to relax a little quicker than prior to magmind . is it significant - it is hard to say , but it is worth some extended use.final verdict - while i have not gained any huge benefit for jarrow formulas magmind it does seem promising . i have not had any negative effects , so i will likely continue using magmind even after my initial supply runs out.4 stars
= way better than staying at a holiday inn express
< magmind is a magmind

> the five people you meet in heaven are the five who will confirm your fears and validate your being.eddie , head of maintenance at ruby pier , a bit of a coward , a bit of a hero , is drawn to the heaven of five others who teach him his place in the universe . his life and death are not quite as unremarkable as he surmised . eddie , who fixed rides at an aging amusement park , sees his life as wasted opportunity . eddie , who loved and lost , and grew bitter with age , has to learn about life from the eyes of others.this is a profoundly wise and sweet fable . the message is at least as old as john donne who proclaimed that `` any man 's death diminishes me , for i am involved in mankind . '' but unlike donne 's meditation xvii albom 's short novel flickers in lifelike motion like a silent movie across a silver screen . in eddie 's life , we can see anyman and in anyman 's we can see ourselves .
= zen and the art of amusement ride maintenance
< a sweet fable

> words can not express how much i love the `` harry potter '' series , and how much i loathed `` the casual vacancy . '' when i heard j.k. rowling had penned a detective novel under the name robert galbraith , i was skeptical , to say the least . but i devoured this book over the course of just a few days , and enjoyed it so very much . i do agree that it drags a bit in spots , particularly closer to the end of the novel , but for the most part i thought it was just fantastic . it has the vivid descriptions and deep characterizations the author is famous for , but it also has all the makings of a great classic detective novel . `` the cuckoo 's calling '' was a wonderful page-turner , and i very much hope that we are treated to more detective strike stories in the future . also , this book will make a fabulous movie one day . i can not recommend it enough !
= a great comeback for j.k. rowling
< a great page-turner !

> 1.5 starsthe only difference being that & # 34 ; red planet & # 34 ; was actually worth watching . on the other hand , maybe & # 34 ; gravity & # 34 ; is more like & # 34 ; cast away & # 34 ; ( another boring and pointless survival movie ) .sure , great special effects , blah , blah , blah . ( the novelty wears off pretty quickly . ) & # 34 ; deep & # 34 ; metaphor ( so they say ) , blah , bah , blah.the & # 34 ; plot & # 34 ; ( such as it is ) is drawn out and boring . i 'm not astrophysicist and i do n't work at nasa but there were aspects of the film that even i can recognize as ridiculous . does george clooney 's character even really have a point ? i found myself wanting the character to die just so the movie would be over.so not recommended .
= i 've seen this movie before ; it was called `` red planet . ''
< boring , boring , blah , blah

> i declare today colleen hoover day . i loved this book . it was love , death , heartache , healing ... all rolled into one . every character was perfect , every part was perfect . after finishing hopeless today i did not think my heart could take another hoover book . it did , barely . i ca n't wait to start book 2.lake 's life is all sorts of complicated when she falls for the boy next door . will is just as drawn , but soon it becomes clear that sometimes things just ca n't happen as they should . through his past with grief he teaches her to deal with and accept hers.and her mother teaches her that sometimes your heart can tell you what your head ca n't explain . this is a touching story that will reach in to your heart and remind you to be thankful for you moments and to never be afraid to bare your soul .
= laughed , cried and unattractively did a laugh/cry combo through this whole book
< i loved this book

> i love fresh squeezed juice with lemon and ginger in it . i was n't expecting this powdered ginger drink to taste like fresh lemon and ginger , but i was sort of expecting it to taste like a ginger lemonade . i tried it cold and it was more like a powdered ginger drink with a small amount of lemon and honey , not enough to be considered sweet like a lemonade.after awhile the taste started to grow on me and i drank the whole glass . i think this drink would be soothing hot , especially if you have a cold or an upset stomach . it is not as good as drinking fresh squeezed ginger juice , but it does make for a powdered ginger alternative if the fresh is n't available or you do n't juice . i would consider this a fairly healthy instant ginger drink , but fresh ginger is way better .
= ginger drink mix
< not bad , but not great

> this is a nice little gadget for applying adhesive for things like scrapbooks , presentation boards , and photos . if you have a project that requires things being glued in place this may be a good alternative - no messy glue or paste , you just press down on the applicator to apply the strip of adhesive dots . this may not be strong enough adhesive for some things , so you 'll want to make sure it can hold what you need it to - the package does n't really identify what the limits are of what this would be useful for . you also may want to see what refills cost before purchasing - this is designed so that you can refill it when the 49 ft. of adhesive runs out . overall this is a nice convenient way to apply adhesive for a variety of projects .
= convenient adhesive applying gadget
< nice little gadget

> we have 2 greyhounds . one will eat anything , anytime . the second is picky and refuses to eat the same food over an extended period . at our vet 's suggestion , for the picky one , we started using mix ins . this can be just a little something left over from dinner , broth , or a small amount of a different dog food . the beneful made a great mix in , and of course i give the mix in to both of them . they both enjoy it and picky eater has been gobbling us his regular highly nutritious food along with a bit of beneful tossed in.i 've not used beneful as their main food , and doubt i will . but did want to add a plus for the mix in option for those with picky eaters .
= good mix in
< great for the picky eaters

> i use rechargeable batteries in anything that needs a battery . i have used them for years now and have really felt they were a good purchase . i like the amazon basics as they are priced right ... and come pre-charged , so i do n't have to charge them right off the bat to use them ... unlike the ones bought at the big box store down the street . so , i am giving these 5 stars for those two reasons , excellent price point and pre-charged , plus they were easy to open , another plus once you get to a certain age = ) i think i will get many years out of these batteries and as my other ones bite the dust i will be purchasing other sizes of amazon basics to replace them .
= amazon basics 4 pk aaa rechargeable batteries
< great rechargeable batteries

> this is hard to apply as far as trying to get all the bubbles out , pretty typical when it comes to trying to apply stuff like this , decals , skins , etcs. , it just seems impossible to ever get all the bubbles out , which is just really annoying when it comes to your book and you 're trying to read ! these screens also are n't as clear as need be to read through , the anti-glare protectant or whatever applicant applied makes the screen a bit blurry for the words on the kindle 's page . as far as scratch resistant and anti-glare go though , it succeeds . but again , at the cost of annoying the reader . i disliked this and would n't use it or recommend it .
= hard to read through and bubbles up
< hard to apply

> when i decided to test/review these treats , i had no idea of the controversy surrounding them or that they were coming out of china . had i known , i would not have gotten them.having said that , my dogs had absolutely no problems with these treats . i have three dogs , all under 15 pounds . these jerky treats are fairly large , particularly in length . they snap into pieces easily , so i was able to break them and give each dog half at a time . while they do break easily , they are n't brittle . my dogs had no problem chewing , swallowing and digesting these treats . they all seemed to love the flavor , even my finicky girl .
= happy dogs
< my dogs love them

> my 13 yr old daughter has her walls plastered with posters and ads from magazines , etc . she tapes them up there and then when she wants to change them - it rips the paint off the walls ! these little tabs put an end to the paint being ruined and torn off . they are fabulous . a bonus is that if she peels off the posters carefully enough she can stick a new one up right on the same tabs , without needing to use a new one . so much better than the little putty type blobs too because the posters will lay flat on the wall . these are great in so many ways and for so many uses ! love them !
= excellent ! !
< great for posters and posters

> i am a fan of harlan coben books and i read and enjoyed them all . this one is no exception . i read a lot , as many as 150-200 books a year , and i am familiar with many plots . for a few pages , i thought this book had a plot i had not read before , but after about a dozen pages i figured it out . what interested me was that despite knowing what was going on , why the woman disappeared and why it happened so suddenly , i still enjoyed reading how harlan coben developed his story and how he described his characters . the book was still suspenseful for me .
= an excellent drama told superbly
< a good read

> these little tasty crackers make a great choice for your afternoon pick-me-up . the generous serving size is 9 crackers that pack a wallop with 5-g of protein , 3-g of fiber , 12-g of whole grain and not even a smidgen of sugar.the re-sealable package will stay fresh tucked in your desk drawer or on the pantry shelf.they are crunchy and the garlic parmesan flavor that i have are tasty . the first ingredient listed on the label is parmesan cheese . you do n't see that in a snack product very often.i like them - a lot !
= good snack choice
< tasty and tasty

> i just loved this journey k berg took me on all the emotions i cried so much in this book it was epic and beautiful and heartbreaking and swoon worthy all rolled into one series i race rylee and colton so much best epilogue ! ! ! i devoured it did n't want it to end you made us wait to the very end for the thing i wanted to happen most in this series and you did n't fail us def a fan for life ! ! ! ! 5 billion stars ! ! !
= what a finish amazing ! ! ! !
< 5 billion stars ! ! !

> i like this face wash. i like the foaming action because foam is easy to apply to the face . and it 's easy to get out of the bottle too , no need to flip a cap , just one handed action to depress the plunger.the scent is very light and typical of axe products , hard to describe but quite pleasant . you only need to use a little foam . and after washing , the skin is not tight or dry . overall , a very gentle and pleasant face wash .
= excellent !
< nice face wash

> for those people with dry hair , this will help . you can rub a little on your hands and run your hands thru your hair and it will definitely look less frizzy . i usually put a little on my hair and leave it for a few hours and then wash my hair since i ca n't stand it looking the least bit greasy . my hair seemed more manageable after only a few uses . great product and smells good too .
= good for dry scalp ...
< great for dry hair

> i love tea , cold tea , hot tea , sweet tea , tea with milk , plain tea ... but not this tea . i had hoped to perhaps use it in soups and for cooking but even that is not working out well . i love most of my vegetables , but this vegetable tea not so much . not great ideas/flavors in this package . i guess you may like it but this non picky tea drinker does not .
= not for me ...
< not great

> i 'm always impressed withplaytex products , so i expected good things from these and i was not disappointed . the packaging is bright and colorful with looking childish or silly . the price is very reasonable for the amount of tampons per box , 36. i used these on my heaviest days and had no leakage . they are quite comfortable and great deal for the price and quality . do n't be fooled by imitators !
= a+
< great product

> the way this book starts out is interesting for sure . then it just continues to get better and better . this book is about two people who meet and connect but they have know idea how to love or be loved in return . and through out the book you get to see how they learn to trust each other . it is a really sweet read . i really enjoyed it .
= enjoy the love
< sweet

> this story started off really good but as it progressed something was missing . i do n't care for books that have more sex than story development . and the sex was n't even hot ! ! i enjoyed the characters but we just skimmed their back stories and did n't get to learn much about his background .
= the story lacked something
< good

> i loved these people , jasmine and derek and little jacob ... ..it was such a sweet story . emotional , sexy and very engaging story ... .i cried and was fully invested in it right till the very end ... great stuff ! ! could n't wait to get next couple books .
= a heartwarming tale ...
< sweet story

> wow what a great book . the story was written well . the characters were great fun to read about . the author did an amazing job of keeping you on your toes to see what happens next . thanks for an amazing job of writing this book .
= enjoyed the book
< great book

> the taste is nice , not overly strong . maybe nice for when you are on the go , but i just wast not overly impressed . i guess part is personal taste but i have had some that i have enjoyed more .
= nothing to get excited about
< nice taste

> i guess if you 're going to eat junk food , this is one way to do it without too much guilt . the fudge and caramel made this popcorn tasty . i wish there was more of them .
= yummy , but not enough
< i love caramel and caramel

> both of the dogs loved these treats . they were quickly eaten with no mess . they would definitely eat more than i offered them , but i do n't think that would be good for them .
= dogs love them
< dogs love them

> love rff and aubrey ! together they are quite a couple . finally riff is allowing himself the chance to love and be loved . aubrey is both his rock and his saviour . loved this book !
= witty and romantic ... what more can you ask for ?
< love rff

> love the writing style of abbi . her stories pull you in and make you want them to never end . this story of cage and eva is romance at its best .
= cage ! ! !
< love it

> good reading and it keeps you questioning all the way through . i ca n't wait for the continuing story to read it .
= down to you
< good book

> version : aus , japan , uk , eu / warner / region freevc-1 bd-50 / aacs / advanced profile 3aspect ratio : 2.40:1running time : 1:56:34movie size : 31,51 gbdisc size : 35,35 gbtotal bit rate : 36.04 mbpsaverage video bit rate : 26.99 mbpsdolby truehd audio english 1344 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 1344 kbps / 16-bit ( ac3 core : 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbps ) dolby digital audio english 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio french 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio german 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio italian 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio japanese 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio spanish 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio english 192 kbps 2.0 / 48 khz / 192 kbps / dolby surroundsubtitles : english , english sdh , chinese , danish , dutch , finnish , french , german , japanese , italian , korean , norwegian , spanish , swedishnumber of chapters : 29******************************************************************version : u.s.a / warner / region freedisc size : 33,45 gbmovie size : 29,70 gbaverage video bit rate : 26.99 mbpstotal bit rate : 33.98 mbpsdolby truehd audio english 1344 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 1344 kbps / 16-bit ( ac3 core : 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbps ) dolby digital audio english 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio french 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio portuguese 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpsdolby digital audio spanish 640 kbps 5.1 / 48 khz / 640 kbpssubtitles : english ( sdh ) , english , french , portuguese , spanish****************************************************************** # manning the wheel ( hd - 9m:23s ) # gran torino : more than a car ( hd - 3m:57s ) # dvd digital copy # the eastwood way ( hd - 19m:17s ) # bd-live enabled
= gran torino - blu-ray info
< the eastwood - blu-ray info

> my goal was to avoid this movie . it might tarnish my love for all electronics stores . however , i decided to give it the old college try ( like the characters did in the movie ) .we find out that the main character is untouched and his co-workers/new friends want to help him ( i remember a man offering me that kind of assistance in the past ) . where else to find this assistance but at a bar and who else but with a drunken girl . not to be mean , but our character is n't the greatest looking bass in the pond and most women , especially our overly eager lassy , would have passed him by . but she does n't and takes him away in her vehicle . the night ends but he remains untouched . his purity remains a topic amongst his friends and they try oh so hard to help him with it.then comes the damsel in distress . the ebay damsel , that is . they meet , you make your prediction , and the prediction comes true . this is where you say `` ahhhhh , how sweet '' and think that there might actually be hope for you in not only the area of romance , but finding a man that is pure.the storyline is cute and the acting is good . it 's one of those movies where your attention span does n't have to be at an all time high ( bring on the beer ) but you wo n't make an impression on a babe if you 're trying to get some quality points . it 's gross , nasty , and vulgar . good stuff . put the kids to bed , pop some popcorn and have fun . you only live once .
= quintessential comedy with a lesson to be learned
< fun , fun , and fun

> this film was fairly heavily panned by the critics when it opened in september 2003 and i feel undeservedly so , for it is a highly watchable , if uninventive piece of cinema.kate beckinsale plays a vampire whose job is to hunt and kill lychens ( werewolves ) the sworn enemy of her coven , and her kind . the film has a distinctly european feel , not only in the locations , but also direction but moves at a good pace , keeping the viewer awake and for the most part enthralled . a little heavy on the matrix style fight sequences , with the usual ammunition flying in all directions , it is however , more than a reworked vampire tale of good vs evil , or eveil vs evil ( whichever you take ) - with a reasonably original storyline in what one has to say , is a highly competetive , and previously visited genre . without giving too much away , the art direction is gothic but modern and the new sfx meets old world macabre well , even if there are n't too many suprises along the way . a major plus is the non cliched and well defined beginning middle and end , and the very well handled & quot ; human touch & quot ; portrayed by the main characters in their fantasy roles . highly enjoyable romp , with some nice extra 's on the dvd , and certainly worth a second look .
= underrated slick thriller
< a little heavy on the dvd

> it 's nice to see natural cereals that are gluten free , and it tasted very good - i like it a lot better than cheerios , but it 's expensive and the little bags are enough only for a smallish serving - about like those little boxes or 'samples ' of cereal . i prefer a big box that just pours out , but at least the little bags come in a good sturdy box so they do n't get totally squashed.so it tasted nice - though it goes mushy really fast- and it has a nice profile of protein and fiber . however , we 've been finding these big hard clumps in ours - like maybe hardened half melted brown sugar or something ? they do n't dissolve , and they are too hard to eat . they 'll have little clumps of cereal mixed in - i think something happened in making the cereal . maybe we got a bad batch ? the cereal itself is pretty tasty and crunchy at first . if you eat it fast , you can avoid the much , but it 's no worse than corn flakes as far as 'the mush ' is concerned . some folks that are dentally challenged might like to wait and enjoy that about it.the hard chunks of sugar & cereal kinda ruined it though .
= tasted ok , but big hard clumps ruins it
< good but not great

> i must say , i 'm a huge fan of the 5 blade razors , ever since gilette released their 5 blade razor - this 5 curve sensing blade 'hydro silk ' razor from schick , does not disappoint ! it shaves smooth and close , and handles sensitive areas like knees and ankles with ease : as always , use care when shaving ( and i also highly recommend the use of shave gel : my favorite is skintimate shave gel in raspberry rain , strawberry tangerine and flirty mango ) ... but this great new schick razor does the rest for you . this comes with the razor , 2 replaceable razor catridges ( one is on the razor already ) , and a little plastic suction cup thing to hang up your razor on your tile shower wall.i shaved quickly with minimal care , and no cuts or razor burn : i felt a little bit of the 'gives back moisture , rehydrate ' from the water-activated moisturizing serum that is part of the razor head , but mosty i was just very pleased with what a great and sensitive razor this is ... 5 curve sensing blade razors are a fabulous modern invention for women 's shaving needs - i would highly recommend this schick hydro silk razor !
= excellent women 's razor from schick - no nicks !
< great shave for women and women !

> since the human body does not produce vitamin b12 , it has to get it from outside sources ... .usually bacteria that produces it . this product does seem to offer a way of getting vitamin b12 in a very easy manner . the directions are that it can be dissolved under your tongue or chewed up . since i ca n't resist chewing anything i crunched mine up and swallowed it down . good cherry taste too and not too sweet.i ca n't say that i 've felt any more energy yet but i do n't doubt that my body is happier for taking it . i will continue using this product and will report back if i notice an appreciable increase in my energy level.update 5.3.13this is one of the very few , if any , supplements that i have taken and noticed an actual change for the better . i 'm not saying for sure that the methyl b12 is responsible , but i have noticed having a much clearer mental capacity - a quickness to my thinking and a clarity that is hard to describe other than very nice . these definitely go on my wish list to remind me to get more .
= jarrow methylcobalamin b12 5000 mcg
< good cherry taste , but not a miracle

> while this book has proven to be popular , it is not particularly sound from the viewpoint of a casual reader of economics . although there are not very pressing issues discussed in the book , it was interesting to see a great economist 's take on everyday life . i enjoyed this book very much and loved that it really made me think about other ideas . the book examines why people behave the way they do in real life , especially in regards to crime . incentives - rewards or the possibility of one and penalties or the possibility of one -are the motivators of our lives . some of the topics he covers are : why standardized test cheating occurs ( by the teachers ! ) , why most drug dealers - despite the hollywood stereotype - actually still live with their parents , why america 's overall crime rate has steadily dropped for the past ten years , how to statistically tell when sporting events are rigged , how the kkk rose and fell , why your child 's name does n't matter , why having a swimming pool is 100x deadlier for your child than owning a gun .
= street-level economics
< a great book for the child

> i was so excited about the release of this book , and preordered it for my kindle . today , i checked reviews before reading and was shocked to see how bad the reviews are . then to discover the author changed the trilogy to a 5 book series . no ! i do n't think so ! it also appears that the storyline is being stretched and being dragged out thereby changing the whole feel of the characters and book.this is the first book i have ever returned for a refund . i am not going to waste my time reading a book that was supposed to be the promised conclusion ; then ends up being a cliffhanger ; and then makes the readers have to wait at least a year for the conclusion . ridiculous ! there are too many other books out there published by talented authors who provide what they promise to their readers.i 'm extremely disappointed in this turn of events , and am not even sure if i will re-purchase this book once the remaining 2 books are released . sometimes less is better , and i am afraid that is the case with this series .
= returned my pre-ordered book - did not read
< not what i expected !

> i honestly had my doubts about this detergent . i frequently buy tide , but i also buy fabric softener . i took this bottle of tide with a touch of downy to the laundromat to wash blankets , and was curious how well it would perform . i hoped it would do well , since i often forget to add liquid fabric softener at the right time . i washed everything , including the dog blankets.i was pleasantly surprised when everything came out smelling super clean and fresh . everything was also soft , just as if i had added fabric softener . it 's been a week since i washed my blankets , and they still smell like downy . other items did not retain the scent , but they are still soft . even the dog blankets came out smelling much better than usual . tide always performs best for getting my laundry clean , and now it also gets it soft . i love that i wo n't have to worry about adding the softener at the right time , too .
= clean , smells great , everything is soft
< tide always performs

> naked is the first in a three book arc . it is what i would consider an extreme love story where the limits of traditional convention are stretched but the underlying love story carries the burden well . i found the book to be well written , the characters engaging , the story flowed easily and was well appropriately placed . the sex scenes came early and often , and were to say the least compelling . i found myself emotionally attached to ethan and brynne and their journey . i think the story ended appropriately , leaving the window open for book two . it should appeal to readers on many levels , not just as erotica , but because there actually was a story in which i felt able to immerse myself.i rated the book as 4 star because of its great writing , ease of reading , its re-reading potential and the fact that i intend to complete the series . *i received my copy from netgalley.com in exchange for an honest review .
= i am committing to this trilogy
< naked

> steven spielberg 's mega smash adaptation of war of the worlds features everything you 'd expect from the superstar director : a thrill ride boasting impressive special effects and a-list production . tom cruise plays a divorcee who gets his kids ( dakota fanning and justin chatwin ) for the weekend , just in time as earth falls under attack by alien forces who are hellbent on the annihilation of mankind . despite some mega jumps in logic involving the invasion , spielberg manages to get the most out of his cast ( cruise is surprisingly good here , and fanning is better ) and the visual effects are some of the best to be seen in the past few years , and the way he orchestrates the on screen chaos only adds to his legacy of a master director ; no matter the genre . also featuring tim robbins in a brief , but nontheless memorable , role as a man who thinks he has a plan .
= surprisingly good
< the best of the year

> wow , this book really turned me inside out . i usually do n't like reading cheating in books , i hate cheating . but this book was a rollercoaster of emotions , there were characters that were seriously emotionally hurt by the love triangle and i felt it , i was seriously angry with the heroine , could n't she see who was better ? who really deserved her heart ? but alas , some people are masochist . anyway , i liked that it was n't easy for anyone , this was a lot like real life , nothing was easy , everybody had to work to accomplish what they truly desired and it came with a great ending . i 'm not sure i want to read the next book , because i read that the main characters in this novel suffer again , what more do they need to go through ? was n't enough ? i recommend this book .
= very good read
< wow , wow , wow , wow !

> as a fairly new parent , i was horrified through much of this book at what jeannette walls and her siblings endured through their childhood . her doting , eccentric , alcoholic father , and self involved artist wannabe mother lead their children around the country until settling into beyond poverty in a small west virginia coal mining town . the strength , tenacity , and intelligence jeannette and her older sister lori , and younger brother brian display is extraordinary , in the most extreme conditions you can imagine . at one point , the near shack they are living in has such a bad leaking problem in the bedroom , brian is forced to sleep under a rubber raft to stay dry . yet the book never wallows in a woe is me trap , instead is presented with a direct , compelling narrative that truly puts the 'dis ' in disfunctional family .
= hard to put down
< a direct , compelling narrative

> i tested this water against my regular tap water and whole foods spring water - it does have a smooth and almost silky quality and a pleasant taste . we blind tested all three and could reliably identify each of them ( just checking it was n't my imagination ! ) . i only received one sample bottle so i ca n't comment on its claim to 'hydrate better ' or any of the supposed health effects , though some other reviewers have noted long-term benefits.i like the oversized bottle - if you 're trying to drink more water each day , it 's ideal for taking to work to measure how much you 're actually drinking . it 's a good product though the biggest downside is the cost compared with other bottled waters or home-installed filtration systems .
= tastes good but quite expensive
< smooth and smooth

> my wife likes these things - they 're basically like wet ones but `` cooler '' since they 're in a pink package and say `` sport '' on them . the package is a little big to carry around , easier in a workout bag than in a purse , but you 're probably carrying a workout bag if you 're using them , otherwise you 'd just be taking a shower . but they 're also useful for everyday stuff , not just for working out . the wipes stay wet and are great for just cleaning your hands if you get them dirty while you 're walking around outside . great product , easy to use and dispose of ( flushable ) and does what it says it will . what else could you want ?
= does what it says it will and easy to carry around
< great for everyday stuff

> never too far is the second book in the fallen too far series . it continues with blaire 's world changing again . i enjoyed the ending of this one . but other than that i did not like blaire at all in this book . she seriously just kept changing her mind , and attitude towards rush , and it was so annoying . i do not like characters who can not make up their minds . it is ridiculous . rush did well in this book , he was really making it up to blaire for all of is mistakes , even though he kept making a few more . overall this book was only okay in my opinion . it could have been great , but i really just did n't like blaire at all
= only okay . dumb blaire
< never too far

> i admit it - i love these post-apocalyptic movies and documentaries - life after people , aftermath : population zero , waterworld , etc . this movie was a real treat for me to watch . yes , lots of critics complain that such a thing would n't happen that quickly , but i like these kinds of movies for the warning they give us as well as the thought they provoke ( what would you do if you were in this kind of situation ? ) and i loved the special effects as well as showing the various people trying to deal with this situation and the sadness that is inevitable from this kind of catastrophe - the people drowning or freezing to death , and the unique us-to-mexico panicked immigration was a clever added bit .
= enjoyable post-apocalyptic movie
< a real treat

> i tried this product and as an adult , i thought it was very pleasant . nice pear flavor with a bit of green taste at the end . we fed some to 2-3 yr olds who are crazy about the applesauce that comes packaged like this . they wolfed it down . i love that they are easy to take with you , even in a gramma purse.however , the price is ridiculous . even using the cheapest option , these packs of baby food are $ 1.95 each . compared to other organic options , the clever packaging makes these more than double the price . that takes them into the realm of `` occasional snack or travel food '' instead of `` keep on hand '' . too bad .
= convenient and delicious , but very pricey !
< nice pear flavor with a bit of green taste

> good , but i expected so much more . cam and andrew were just great to read about in the first book , however i felt there were times in this book that i wanted more from the author . the story has so much to build from but the telling of that story missed the mark . i wanted cam and andrew to push through so much of their story , even the miscarriage was so short that should have been an extended part of their life.several chapters were great to read and all in all 4 stars is good but this book should have been a great story like book 1 .
= good read , but i expected more !
< good , but i expected so much more

> i was a skeptical to read this one just by the title , thought it might be a little dark but i had a lot of friends recommend it . so i gave it a chance and i loved it . such a great story and it will pull at your heart and have you crying at times . i know i was . it is an emotional read but well worth it . this is the second book i have read from teresa mummert and will be reading more from her . great job on this one !
= great read !
< great story

> they smell nice enough . they were soft enough . they did what they are supposed to do and i had no adverse reactions . when i sweat , i prefer a shower . but this works for those times when the day has been a little too warm and i have a few more errands before i can get home . they lost 1 star because i felt they are a little high priced for what are essentially baby wipes packaged for big girls .
= nice when there is nothing else
< nice

> i grew up using cheer , but switched to tide several years ago when i moved out on my own , i typically use the orginal formula for all my regular washing except for dog beds and rugs ( i choose a liquid labeled to have deodorizing capabilities ) . i tried the tide sport scent with febreze and was pleased that i get the same tide clean with a strong doedorizing scent to get my dog bedding clean and smelling refreshed .
= good smell and cleaning ability
< my dog likes it

> these are great flavor enhancers for a wide variety of dishes . i let them melt into sauces , and while they are virtually undetectable , they give a great background flavor . these are definitely more oily than other varieties , which likely leaves their flavor a bit diminished . if you want sardines to be a highlight of your dish , these wo n't be the best choice . however , they are great for providing background flavor .
= nice treat
< great flavor

> fate , maybe but who knows . i do believe everyone comes into our life for a reason . jenn brought shane sunshine at his darkest moment . he thought he was saving her based on the note he found . but , they both saved each other . there were a few turn where i thought disaster would strike , i almost had to stop reading to keep the , at bay . thankfully there was a hea .
= sunshine
< fate

> a lot of people compared gavin to christian or gideon . he was no where close in my opinion . after reading collide , i still could n't connect with the characters after reading pulse . i thought this book was a little bit better , there was more `` action '' and anticipation in it.still was n't in love with the dialogue.but i did think the ending was cute .
= a little bit better
< cute

> what to say ? there is so much i loved about this book . for one it is cassie leo and her way of telling a story and keeping your attention through the final page . another is a great love story and claire & adam have it . i was not expecting claire 's reason for leaving school and chris . looking forward to reading pieces of you .
= great read !
< love it

> the cliffhangers ! ! i loved is second book about claire , adam , and chris . poor claire just ca n't catch a break in her life . while i like both adam and chris i have to say my heart is totally with adam ! the next book should be interesting to say the least .
= ugh ! !
< loved it ! !

> phoenix is great as cash . he has the look and the voice . the same can be said for witherspoon . the plot is good and interesting , but it gets a little boring at some moments . the movie has great music and a good feel . oscar material .
= joaquin is awesome
< great movie

> this was a great beginning to the trilogy and i will be looking forward to more from this series and this author . i really liked the characters and how the story progressed i just wish it was longer so i could learn more about them .
= great beginning ...
< great beginning

> i absolutely loved loved loved this story . it had mystery , excitement and sweet love . good story and characters . ca n't wait for the next one !
= loved it
< loved it !

> this was an audio book for me . the performance was good , the story was good but the ending was not all that i had hoped .
= liked it but did n't love it
< good but not great

> i totally never would have guessed guessed simons secret . i do love a great happy ending also . this was a great book set .
= romance
< great book

> personally i find tarantino movies to be excellent homages to previous classic movies ( hanging for django ( una lunga fila di croci ) [ blu-ray ] ) in various genre's.django unchainedis another in his list of hits that should especially appeal to anyone that enjoys a good tongue and cheek western . fans of westerns of the 60s and 70s will find a great deal to enjoy . now although i would have liked even more of a slant towards the `` spaghetti westerns '' and ennio morricone 's delightful music , i understand tarantino wanted to give it greater dimension . i was glad to see him do a cameo . superb directing , good story , great cast , fine sets and outdoor shots , and a variety of music ( i was partial to morricone 's ) . my only slight complaint is the variety of music was kind of all over the place in style and period and to me made the movie slightly disjointed . now i grant you much of the music in the 70s movies was similar , but i did n't like most of it either . i wish quintin tarantino had given full control of the music to ennio morricone and let him run with it . my bet is he would have come up with something like that in the three spaghetti westerns soundtracks ( the good , the bad & the ugly , the man with the harmonica ( soundtrack from the film once upon a time in the west ) , il mio nome & egrave ; nessuno - mon nom est personne - my name is nobody ( bande originale du film de tonino valerii ( 1973 ) ) ) i mentioned and it would have been perfect and i would have given the movie five stars.recommendations : the good , the bad and the ugly ( two-disc blu-ray/dvd combo in blu-ray packaging ) , my name is nobody , andonce upon a time in the west [ blu-ray ] .ca luster
= django unchained
< tarantino 's best

> going into this film , you think `` what could go wrong ? marvel has just come off avengers , and has an established hero in his third film . '' then this movie happens . what went wrong ? first , stark has 42 suits of armor to choose from , and he consistently wears the only one that ca n't fly and has technical difficulties . second , they choose the mandarin for his villain ( a great choice ) and then choose to completely destroy the whole character with this treatment of him . third , the end of the film drags on forever as stark just keeps getting beat down and goes up against the villain that just ... wo n't ... die ! every time he goes down , there he is again . it gets so horribly monotonous.and here 's a thought : why not let stark actually wear armor ? this is the third film , should n't he be in the suit for at least half of it ? and the final wrap up with stark was absolutely abysmal , as they deviate drastically from the comics . i see no way they could do another film for stark with it left this way.this is a dangerous misstep for marvel , as this is the beginning of `` phase 2 '' and if their other upcoming films do n't do better ( and to be fair , iron man 3 did n't set the bar very high at all ) then this could begin the decline and eventual death of marvel 's movie franchise.so ultimately , how bad is this film ? let me put it in perspective : it makes `` ghost rider : spirit of vengeance '' look good . and forget the after-credit sequence this time out ... it 's just a waste of time .
= a major misstep for marvel
< what could go wrong ?

> i do n't usually drink iced coffee drinks because i tried one a few years ago and thought it tasted awful . but i was pleasantly surprised with this cappucino illy issimo coffee drink . it 's excellent over ice . right out of the can , at room temperature , not so much . but i think these types of drinks are meant to be served very cold . ( or maybe heated ? i did n't think to try warming it , but i think hot would probably work too . ) what i liked was that it had a very 'clean ' taste , no funny aftertaste like some canned drinks have . in fact , there was no aftertaste at all . there was just the right balance of coffee , sugar , milk and a little bit of cocoa powder so it was n't too sweet . i did n't notice the cocoa powder taste when i drank it . i think it just adds to the overall flavor.here are the ingredients : coffee , lowfat milk , sugar , cocoa powder , potassium bicarbonate , celluose gel , potassium citrate , cellulose gum , carrageenan . the caffeine content is 81 mg per the 8.45 ounce can . compare that to 48 mg. per 16.9 ounces of caffeine in coke zero . compared to that , this drink delivers a pretty potent punch and could be considered kind of an energy drink , but still not as strong as theirilly issimo coffee drink , caff & egrave ; , 6.8-ounce cans ( pack of 12 ) at 155 mg. caffeine per 6.9 ounce can.all in all a quick , convenient and good tasting coffee drink when poured over ice .
= appealing over ice
< good taste , but not as strong as iced

> i have n't used this brand since i was in high school . it used to be my go-to brand before i chose applicator free products.i have long been suspicious of the latest labeling of absorbency . the size i was sent was `` super '' . i had no problems with leaks or otherwise . i could not tell how the 360 factor worked . appearance-wise , there is no change but the overall performance was flawless . i have been primarily using ob for the past 17 years . compared to tampons in the same size and absorbency classification , the playtex did outperform my usual brand.the applicators are `` gentle glide '' . i had no problems using them . i prefer non-applicator . these were also scented . all scented applicator tampons smell the same to me ... like a scented tampon . i am not a fan of the fragrance or having my purse taken over by tampon smell . i 'm not using this as a factor in my overall rating . just voicing my opinion . i find this added feature unnecessary and annoying . is it annoying enough to keep me from purchasing this based on the product performance ? no.i 'm giving this 5-stars for reliability and performance . this is one of the few products i 've had the opportunity to rediscover where quality has not declined over time .
= outperformed my usual brand
< i like it

> i will probably get stoned for not finding this classic movie as great as everyone else in the world seems to . granted , peter jackson 's vision and treatment of the film are exquisite . some of the visual effects , the scenery , art direction , costuming , makeup are mind-boggling and surreal as all get out . the acting is impeccable ... elijah wood , viggo mortensen , ian mckellen , ian holm , sean bean , and christopher lee especially . liv tyler and cate blanchett are merely decorative in given such small and not fully developed characters . i also had some difficulty with some of the heavy british accents , and the film felt a little too long , and repetitive . there are some brilliant moments though ... sean bean and viggo mortensen 's final scene together is truly moving and heartfelt ; sean astin and elijah wood 's touching scene in the boat is also very moving and evocative . it is a beautifully done movie . however , since i am not a follower of tolkien 's and view the movie on its own merits , i did n't quite feel the same awe and wonder with some of its contrived mechanisms . but , one ca n't deny its brilliance in film=making.recommended .
= visually stunning , yet somewhat & quot ; empty & quot ; classic
< one of the best films of all time

> i followed the directions . really , i did . it 's funny that the directions tell you to use a credit card to pull the mask off the screen but then use the little smoothing card to get rid of the bubbles . why not use the bigger item to take out air bubbles ? i like it when directions show pictures . these directions - a typed page - had tiny pictures that showed me how it should have worked.the second thing i like is when i show my husband how i am struggling to get a screen protector like this one on , and he says , `` here , let me , '' or , `` how in god 's name did you do that ? '' then he fixes it for me . this time he said , `` why do n't we see if a normal person can do it ? '' does he not know whom he 's dealing with ? then ! ! ! it turned out that the corners were slippery when i put the elastics on from my cover and i had to keep fixing it ! and then , i just could n't read through that many bubbles.yes , i did . i gave up .
= one bubble , two bubbles , three bubbles , seventy-four
< i did n't like it

> if there ever was a movie that made me cry , this is the one . this is how fairy tales are supposed to be told . they teach us many lessons , on many different levels , and unlike disney movies they do not always have a happy ending . perhaps that is the reason why many critics have labeled this film as `` fairy tale for adults '' - i guess those same critics assume that children are to be sheltered from tales of loss and death . well - i disagree with that but then again , i grew up reading brother grimms ' fairy tales too . beautiful movie with beautiful special effects and story about hope lost in search of eternal ( parental ) love . set in franco 's spain film also addresses the horror of fasicm and inability of a yound girl to supress the misery that comes with it . film shows us that evil affects all of us , but children have a special way of dealing with it - their imagination transcends the harsh reality and guides them to the world of magic full with most astonishing secrets only child can embrace with no reservations . absolutely beautiful -- and heartbreaking !
= fairy tale of loss
< a fairy tale of fairy tales

> with 667 reviews and pending ~~ i better keep mine short and sweet so the reader wo n't get overwhelmed ! i tried reading j.r.r . tolkien back in high school but just could n't get into his writing style then . i was awfully immature then ~~ because when i picked up the hobbit on my honeymoon ~~ i could n't believe how wonderfully written and how rich the descriptions of tolkien 's hobbit world . it 's a fanastic read ~~ one that i would highly recommend to everyone ! and how can anyone not fall in love with bilbo baggins , the hobbit that left the shire to answer the call that gandalf put out ? the adventures he set upon ~~ both externally and internally ~~ made a real hobbit out of baggins.if you 're going to read the lord of the rings trilogy ~~ i highly recommend people to start with the hobbit first ~~ it is a lighter read and wonderfully written as well ~~ and so entertaining ! mere words ca n't describe its wonder well enough ! just pick this book up and get lost in tolkien 's magical world ! 1-17-02
= oh my ! what a fanastic book !
< i 'm a hobbit fan !

> i wo n't belabor the points that others have made so well before me . `` lord of the rings '' is simply the best fantasy to come to film ever . these films were crafted with an eye to authenticity and loving detail and are worthy of the timeless classic that inspired them.i came late to tolkien , having started `` fellowship of the ring '' just a few days before the first movie opened . the book 's better for 90 % of movie adaptations , but these films are so perfectly cast with the faces and scenery that i envisioned when i read the books , it 's impossible for me to pick a favorte . the extended versions of the films add footage that provides useful explanations for plot points and characterization . scenery from new zealand is breathtaking , acting is award winning , music is beyond moving . i think the only thing that might make this better is to package the soundtracks for the three films together with this edition . buy these films . you will want to see them over and over .
= my top three favorite fantasy films in one convenient box
< the best fantasy to come to tolkien

> i am not going to rehash the plot of the movie the way way too many reviewers do these days . instead i am going to give you all you need to know . go watch this film ! it is by far the best marvel presentation to date . granted , the original story was `` updated '' for the current audience , but the major points of the story remain the same . while i enjoyed spiderman , i am just not sure who decides which villains to place in movies these days . that is my only fear for iron man 2 ( which i am sure is coming ) . however , the first one , without a major super-villain was a blast . why ? becasue it actually told a story and did n't get caught up in trying to create an adversary for the hero ... it actually focused on the hero . what novel concept ! way to go marvel and everyone else involved . you got this one right ! this one is highly recommended !
= marvel 's best ... 'nuff said !
< best marvel presentation to date

> prometheus was the prequel to alien and the alien franchise . sorry , no ripley in here as it was set years before.a team on an undisclosed mission have been sent out to find the possible origins of earth and mankind . what they find , however , is something that should have been left unfound.swedish actress noomi rapace is a young scientist and member of the expedition , idris elba ( the wire , british detective series , luther ) plays the role of janek , the captain of the prometheus and an ex-military man fired from his job for dereliction of duty . janek is not a member of the scientific team and tells the crew his only function is to fly the ship.this movie drags at time and hauls to a point of not quite getting it . however , all in all , it 's a darn good flick and gives the alien universe some meaning .
= pre-alien
< the prequel of the alien universe

> ` the day after tomorrow ' is one of those films that is hugely flawed , has dubious science and yet is extremely entertaining . following what would happen in the face of rapid ice age this film follows one mans attempt to get his scientific research listened to by those in charge , as well as his sons fight for survival in storm stricken new york . the acting is pretty good , the direction is great , the special effects are very impressive and overall this makes for a top apocalyptic film with a modern theme . whilst the themes of climate change are not to be ignored , the catastrophic nature of the scenario depicted would n't be as extreme or rapid and yet if you put this aside this makes for engrossing and entertaining viewing and is worth a watch.feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page .
= the day after tomorrow
< the day after tomorrow

> this was a good story , i could n't quit reading it , but found myself skimming because it was full of detailed , blow-by-blow details of mock battles and computer simulated battle games that the children were playing . the characters were well written , and i could really feel ender 's loneliness , anguish , and depression . i think teen readers will especially like this book.the sub plot with ender 's brother and sister trying to infiltrate the internet and take over world politics was more than a bit ridiculous and totally unnecessary . i 'm trying to visualize how this will be made into a movie , and i hope they condense the first couple hundred pages into a half-hour and leave out the siblings ' world domination all together.i 'm sure there is some sort of parable here about how we as a society are sacrificing our children for blah blah blah ... .
= good read
< good story , but not great

> oh my this is the best thing to come along since the disposable razor . if you need to do package wrapping or you are a coupon clipper like myself , then this is the perfect tool for the job . it takes just a fraction of the time to clip my coupons now with this in comparrison to the clippers i was using . so easy and makes straight lines with ease . no more worring about cutting off the bar codes or if you are wrapping presents you do n't have to worry about uneven jaggered lines with the paper . let me tell you i ca n't cut a straight line for the life of me but this made my christmas presents look so much neater . really do n't know what i did without this and i 'm glad i got it to try . a++++ in my book .
= throw out the clippers
< love the razor

> i am not a big ginger guy but this is not that bad . i do like ginger ale soda so i thought i might like this too . i brew it hot but i drink it cold . for me it was way better having it over ice than drinking it hot . the ginger was a lot stronger when hot than cold . maybe its because the melted ice made it watery and diluted the ginger but i prefer it cold like an ice cold ice tea . you do n't taste the lemon much . i would have preferred to taste a lot more lemon since it is ginger and lemon but it is more of ginger with a hint of lemon . overall it is a good drink but you will probably either hate it or love it .
= not bad ...
< not bad

> i nagged the `` test dummy '' to try this for almost a week and the attitude i got was `` grunt ... ugh.. pretty boy wear lotion ... me not pretty boy '' .sooooo ... i tried it myself . it is non-greasy and a little goes a long way . i like it as well as my expensive moisturizers . it has a very clean , fresh scent which goes away in a few minutes . it has almost a `` toning '' feel . only the `` hydrate '' formula has the spf 15. the `` revitalize '' flavor does not.i figure a face is a face so , ladies , you might want to give it a try .
= `` me not pretty boy ''
< works great !

> this book portrayed the kind of bully that most of the population suffers at one time in their life , i even myself experienced some and it 's not something funny or good at all . that 's why i liked this book , it shows that the bullies are people who have suffer through something , they do n't know how to reach out to someone and the people that are closest to them are pushed away . i 'm a believer that bad/mean people are made not born . people need to talk to their kids everyday after school and really listen to them , you never know when they need you . highly recommended
= great reading
< a great read

> well , this coast hp3 80 lumen focusing led inspection light had quite a debut when sandy came barreling through our coastal city . we 're a 1/2 mile from the beach and a 1/4 mile from the bay and the two did meet on our block . this light i carried around in my pockey except for when my son would grab it . it performed quite well . perfect for checking on the crawl space and checking specific points out . i am quite pleased and this will continue to be my first flashlight that i grab except for when my son has it . maybe , i should just get another one .
= focused beam of light ...
< coast hp3 80 lumen 80 lumen 80 lumen 80 lumen 80 lumen 80 lumen 80

> i drive a small size suv and received these blades in 2 different sizes 17 '' & 18 '' . one for the front and one for the back . this was one of my first attempts to install a replacement blade and i found it rather simple to do.one of the challenges i face living and working near the ocean is residue from salt and sand . the wipers have done a great job so far in cleaning the mess without leaving streaks.we 've had quite a bit of rain this spring and the wipers cover the entire area without any skips , streaks or squeaking . hopefully they last for awhile !
= fast & easy installation
< works great !

> this book was fan-freaking-tastic ! ! ! ! ! ! i have to say i love love love this `` alluring indulgence '' series . they are all great and can be read as a stand alone but much better starting from the beginning because you get to know all of the walker brothers ! ! ! also , it is seven better if you have read the `` club destiny '' series ! all of them great ! ! ! get them all and you solve intertwined with all of these fantastic characters . nicole edwards you lollipop rock ! ! ! !
= kathy
< fan-freaking-tastic ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !

> what happens when a woman marries a charming man whose only apparent detriment is an unwelcome and uncontrollable ability to vanish and travel time at a moment 's notice ? it happens to one henry detamble , a dashing librarian who finds himself dashing through time involuntarily -- and to his artist wife claire , who most cope with romance 's greatest challenge . the time traveler 's wife is an outstanding and memorable story of love across all barriers evolves .
= outstanding and memorable story of love across all barriers
< outstanding

> this product has several nice features . first of all , it heats up quickly . secondly , it has the smoothest surface of any hair straightener i 've ever used . it just glides through your hair , straightening it quickly & effortlessly . i love that it shuts off automatically after 60 minutes , just in case . finally , the swivel cord is a plus . remington has created a good product here at an affordable price .
= smooth paddles , smooth hair
< nice features

> i specifically used these tabs to divide upwhat your first grader needs to know ( the core knowledge series ) , which makes it easier to navigate directly to various sections . i used a different color for each subject , but i recommend only using a ball-point pen to write on these.even after being jostled around in a backpack , the tabs do n't move or fall off .
= easy access
< good for the first grader

> i started with 5 squirts of the tea and that did nothing but color the water a smirky brown . i added 5 more squirts and it tasted like watered-down day old mcdonald 's sweet tea . it was just too lemony without having a true sweet taste . i would n't purchase again and do n't recommend either .
= 10 squirts and it was bleh .
< too lemony

> twistsand turns are never to far away in these books , it makes for a fantastic read . after loving the first book i was unsure how this would go ... it was great . i love cash..wowzer ! that bar seen was hot , hot , hot ! looking forward to the next book !
= fabulous second book
< loved it !

> i thought i loved asher but i am thinking maybe i love trevor more ... lol . i love alpha males ! and when a alpha male falls in love , its epic ! this was a great read and i am very excited about cash 's story being next !
= definitely a hot read !
< loved it !

> i had read several reviews before reading this book and really felt they built me up only to be let down . i had such high expectations for all of this chemistry and yearning between the two main characters and just did n't ever feel it .
= good but not what i expected
< not what i expected

> i love this book and i absolutely love rush ! i was getting really nervous there at the end and i wanted to scream at blaire ! but they worked it out and i hope there is more to come !
= best book so far !
< love rush !

> just like all the rest , it is wonderful and a fast read leaving you wanting more . now have to wait . i love sean not a big fan of marty but hopeful that sean comes back soon .
= wanting more
< great read

> these sardines pack a lot of flavor in a tiny tin . just a little bit of a zing , not too spicy . excellent texture and the quality seems pretty consistent . very good on pizza .
= a tasty , healthy snack
< good sardines

> this book was freaking amazeballs ! ! ! i absolutely loved it ! one of my favorites for sure . sad to see the series end but totally looking forward to muff 's story .
= there are no words ... .
< loved it ! ! !

> i love playing this game and would recommend it . some of the levels are really hard and you stay on them forever .
= candy crush saga
< love it

> yes , this was a unique and wonderfully written book , and it made me think back to my junior high days , with the friendships , sports teams , families etc . but all the way through i thought & quot ; are these police for real ? & quot ; because they seem completely at a loss to solve the crime , and later in the book truly pitiful ! also , the community , though appearing at a memorial service for the ghostly victim in heaven , did not seem as outraged by this atrocity as one might think.. ( and i grew up and still live in the philadelphia suburbs locale ) . nonetheless there were some wonderful moments and scenes , in the school , hospital , homes and anywhere else you can mention ... but the large dump ? were these around in 1973 , and could a family run this as a business ? seems unlikely . this pit would probably be condemned as unsafe ! ..some good reveiews here , so i 'll keep mine short and simple , but my short criticisms point out some real flaws in what should ahve been a terrific book ... plus one wonders how this got all the pr and hype , when there are hundreds of others out there every year at least as well done as this !
= beautifully written ... terrible police work ! !
< a unique and wonderfully written book

> i have a love/hate with my he washer . i finally got it to stop smelling like a big ball of musky yuck after starting to use affresh , oxiclean , vinegar , and stopping the use of fabric softener . however , while i love my oxiclean and vinegar treatment along with my usual detergent ( arm & hammer detergent ) , i started to miss the soft scent of detergent on my clothes - the & # 34 ; clean smell & # 34 ; . thrilled that i could try out tide , i tried out tide plus febreze he along with oxiclean and vinegar . i was thrilled to find that my clothes came out clean , and with a soft detergent scent ! tide took out most of the stains in my kids ' clothing , did n't leave any weird residue on the clothing , and left everything smelling clean and fresh . any stains that tide could n't get out in the wash came out with the help of a stain erasing pen ( those stains probably would n't have come out any other way ) . i 'm very pleased with the results of this detergent and foresee buying it in the future . highly recommended !
= lovely scent that lasts
< tide is a winner !

> in most celebrity memoirs , you will find that the celebrity had to rely on another writer to actually get the words on paper . i doubt this is the case with tina fey 's bossypants , because unlike many other stars , she was a writer first and a celebrity second . for better or for worse , bossypants is her book.and for the most part , it 's the better . a more-or-less autobiography ( for the sake of humor , some stuff is undoubtedly fictional ) , bossypants is told in fey 's `` liz lemon '' voice : the one that 's self-deprecating without being self-hating , depicting herself as less clever and attractive than she is . there are , however , points in the book which show an assertive side that lemon would never have.if you 're a fan of 30 rock , you should enjoy this book . if you hate 30 rock , you should probably avoid it . if you have n't watched 30 rock , take a chance with this book ; it 's a fast read that is likely to make you laugh .
= `` 30 rock '' in book form ?
< a more-or-less autobiography

> any fans of movies like `` the mummy returns '' , `` hellboy '' , `` the shadow '' , and `` fearless vampire killers '' might enjoy this movie . i enjoyed watching van helsing take on mr. hyde , frankenstein , dracula , and werewolves . hugh jackman gives a fine performance as the hero for mankind . anyone that wants a serious horror movie may find this silly . it was meant to be outragious but i certainly did n't think it was silly . this is more fun to watch than several horror movies i have seen . plenty of action and cgi effects make it visually great . the acting is decent and the directing and music are okay as well . all-in-all a good action/adventure that has a good pace , wonderful effects , and a good story . i certainly plan to add it to my dvd library long before `` the league of extraordinary gentlemen '' or `` the hulk '' .
= underrated movie
< good movie , good story

> this is john carpenter 's horror masterpiece ! a relentless , terrifying , almost mystical experience . i still jump whenever michael appears ! you know the story . michael myers escapes from the mental institution ( where he 's been for 15 years ) on halloween night . dr. loomis ( donald pleasance ) tracks him back to his home town of haddonfield illinois . this is where michael killed his older sister 15 years earlier ( when he was six ) . meanwhile , jamie lee curtis is getting ready for a boring evening of babysitting . she 's in for a huge surprise ! halloween grabs you by the throat , without a drop of blood , unlike other lesser movies of it 's type . carpenter left much to our own imaginations , trusting in our ability to scare ourselves silly ! watch it on halloween night for added creepiness ...
= trick or treat or else ...
< the carpenter

> i 've been pretty much underwhelmed with double-sided tape in the past , so i was pleasantly surprised by these reusable tabs . they 're not tape , in the conventional sense : there 's no sticky residue , they can be rinsed off and reused if they get dirty , with no loss of stickiness , and they even come in a resealable container . we 've been using them to mount art , with great success , and they were even helpful when we were childproofing our kitchen for our year-old son- they held everything in place while we drilled holes and placed the locks . a nifty little invention ... ..
= much better then standard double-sided tape
< a great art tabs

> danika and tristan are a pair of firecrackers when they are together . this in itself makes for a truly amazing read . it 's ups and downs all the way through this book . i felt frustrated at different times with both danika and tristan , they are both self destructing and self medicating . it was nice to see frankie and james from the up on the air series . ca n't wait for book 2 in this series ... r k lilley 's books always grab me in a way not too many others can..i had a major book hangover this morning with this book ! !
= perfection as always !
< amazing ! ! !

> these bite-size crisps are very crunchy . the chips are airy and not too dense . the garlic flavor is very pronounced , but i found the parmesan flavor to be too subtle . i also found them to be lacking in salt . these chips go well with any cheese and are better when combined with something else rather than just eating them on their own . they contain 110 calories in a 28 gram serving ( which is about 9 crackers )
= not bad , not great
< crunchy and crunchy

